#  As Far From Hell (Alex)

I drove as fast as I could out of New York City. Which was to say that I crawled
out. Construction was a bitch. I couldn't stay here anymore, Nox was **my**
fucking little monster. He was everything and he was my destruction. This
morning after he walked out of the diner had given me a demonstration of how
easy it would be for him to walk out the door. He disappeared, from my head, my
sight, just gone - poof! No more Nox.

Just like in the dream, he was gone and he could do it anytime he wanted. I
didn't need that. Fuck I knew if I didn't leave now, I was going to be broken.
He broke me then, he could break me again and over what - vampires? Or a
werewolf? He wasn't just some kid anymore, he was fucking Venatori. How did I
not see those signs?

We were at a fucking stand still. Just another fucking reason to get out of this
fucking town. I growled, "Come on!" to noone in particular.

I should call Ben, tell him I'm heading his way. He might have a good mark lined
up for me by then. I so fucking needed things to go my way. Nothing with Nox was
easy. Other than reading him, that had been easy. But everything else - was
hard.

At our next dead stop I dialed Benji's number. He answered, "Alex Kennedy! Right
on time. When can I expect you this year?"

I smirked into the rear view mirror. "Leaving fucking New York City now heading
your way." I said.

"Why were you there of all places?" He asked.

"Oh you know. The money. But been here since December, but so fucking glad to be
gone, if I could ever get out of this fucking traffic."

Benji laughed. "Ah, Serenity is coming, I'll need to get you a good place to
keep her. How long you staying?" I could hear Ben working every angle while I
was in town.

"I don't know." I admitted.

"Last time it was I don't know you'd come cause of a boy. Time before that it
was a woman. What is it this time?" He asked, the concern heavy in his voice.

"I don't want to talk about Nox fucking Sétanta right now. Give me a few days
and maybe I'll tell you. I just need to get out of New York right now. Can you
set me up with my usual,Toto?"

"You know I can, Tin man. It'll be waiting for you when you get here." Ben
sighed, "And when you get here don't think I won't be asking, Alex. Last time I
had to pick you up it was hell on clients for both of us."

"I know." I said. "See you soon Benj." Benji said his goodbyes and I growled
again. We hadn't even fucking moved an inch since I picked up the phone.

My phone rang. I didn't want to answer it, but I glanced at the number and it
was unassigned which meant it was Poet. I sighed. "Poet. My friend, what can I
do for you this fucking glorious day?"

"You said you'd fill me in on the road? Why?" He growled over the phone at me.

"I can't do this anymore. That boy is too fucking needy and you can get someone
else who has a psych degree to deal with him. He's such a fucking headcase."

Poet chuckled. "Is that your professional opinion?"

"That's my only opinion, Poet. Unless you’re planning on killing humans, you
have nothing to worry about from him. He's so intertwined with werewolves and
vampires that you can pretty much bank on his own people killing him. I
guarantee within a year, they'll have a mark on his head. He sees so far outside
their little fucking box that they'll take care of him for you."

A car blared behind me and I flipped them the bird as I pulled up a whole two
car lengths. What the fuck asshole!

"If you'd called me before I'd have told you to take the ferry out of town."
Poet was laughing at me.

"Are we good?" I growled at him.

"Peachy, Alex. Been a pleasure. The money will be wired by the end of the day.
And with your hack I have more than enough information on the boy, so consider
the favor there when you need. No questions asked." Poet didn't even say goodbye
as he hung up on me.

I shouted, "Fucker!" and a few cars horns blared at me. What the fuck!

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNDQ4Njk0NTU3XX0=
-->