#  Jedi Mind Tricks (Alex)

I drove. My phone chirped on and off over the course of the wind blowing through
my hair with the music blaring at top volume. Truckers often honked their horns
to the classic songs playing on my stereo as I sped past them. Once I was out of
New York things were smooth sailing from then on out. There were a few slow
spots,I wouldn't hit major traffic until rush hour. And I'd stop for food and
then keep on going. I wanted to get as far as fuck from Nox.

It wasn't even a few hours and he was already sending me texts. I groaned when
his notification chirped at me. I ignored it the best I could. I didn't want to
read the winey self indulgent message he was likely sending me. 'Hey call me'.
'Where are you?'

Janice was sending me those fucking messages. The last one I'd read said had
begged me to call her. I was so done with that fucking city.

Stand By Me came up on the playlist and I flipped the switch to the next song.
No fucking way I wanted to listen to a song that made me think of the pretty boy
I'd just left and who was blowing up my phone.

Lights flared behind me, Blip-blip and I groaned. Cop number one pulled me over.
Such a pain in the ass. I put my hands on the wheel and waited for the cop to
approach me. He walked over to me with a pair of cliched blue sunglasses and his
brown uniform and golden badge.

He tapped on the window and I pushed the automatic window button. The window
scrolled down and I looked out the window with a bright smile. "What can I do
for you officer?"

"License and Registration." He said.

"Are you sure that you need that officer. Can you tell me why you pulled me over
first?"

"License and registration."

I sighed and reached into my back pocket for my wallet and my registration in my
glove compartment. I touched the man's hand and thought, He wasn't speeding. He
took my license and registration and glanced at them then handed them back to
me. "Good evening Mr. Kennedy." The officer went back to his car and pulled out
into the highway again none-the-wiser. I smirked as I followed him until he got
off at the next exit

I stepped on the gas and turned up the volume and headed down the highway again.
I was more than happy to be moving fast again.

My phone chirped several more times. I got pulled over at least three more in
the State of Pennsylvania. I had a feeling before each one had come to me they'd
radioed ahead with a description of my car because each time they were waiting
for me.

The last cop in the state pulled me over and I didn't even bother with the
theatrics of trying to play nice. He set his hands in my window and I put my
hand on top of him and pushed a thought straight at him. This is not the car you
are looking for. He blinked at me and then muttered, "Sorry, sir. I think I'm
going a little crazy." And then stepped back to his car.

I didn't wait around for him this time. I pushed the gas and was off before he
was back in the car. I didn't want him to have the chance to write my plates
down before I got out of the state. I'd have change out plates just to hide in
plain sight. It was a good thing I had spares.

At the next truck stop just the other side of the border I scanned the lot for
any cameras. It was a simple fix. And I and back on the road again ready to fend
of any other cops that might pull me over.

The stops were cutting into my me time and it was getting aggravating.

The sun was setting and I'd yet to be pulled over. I'd pushed through Chicago a
little slower than usual. Traffic was a bitch. The sun had set and the night sky
on the highway was beautiful. Not a cloud in the sky to mar my view. Fucking
gorgeous!

I was home, at peace in Serenity just driving listening to the hum of the wheels
on pavement. And I was loaded up on caffeine. I'd grabbed a few Red Bulls and a
cup of coffee at the last stop I made to fill Serenity up with premium fuel. She
needed a good drink, and she'd need a few more before I got where I was going.

The sun started to come up and I started yawning more than ever. My body ached.
I chanced a glance in my rear view and saw nothing for miles. No other cars, and
New York City was well since gone. I'd lost count of how many states. I barely
knew where I was. I guess that was the sign I needed as I pulled over and found
a ratty motel that at least didn't have any roaches in the room when I walked
in. Nothing scurried out from under the bed, or up the walls. I didn't even
bother getting under the blankets as I crashed on top of the gross looking
comforter.

I was only here to rest. I didn't need comfort. I closed my eyes, I felt like
the walking deadâ€¦

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbODE1MzgwNThdfQ==
-->