#  The Usual (Alex)

After a long hot shower and a semi-decent meal I was back on the road again. I
was just outside the Colorado State line. Normally once on the other side of
Denver, I'd hit Ward to visit Kish. But visiting Kish meant memories of the
pretty boy who kept calling me.

I now had two voicemail messages from him. I could just delete them but after
the dream last night I wondered about that thing. He was always talking about
his demons. I always thought they were metaphorical. But vampires, and
werewolves were real, why not demons? The was a whole other philosophy lesson I
didn't want to get into and I sure as fuck didn't want Kish telling me to go
back to him. Or to at least talk to him.

Instead I played back both messages starting at the beginning. Nox's voice was
clear as day on the recording as I listened to it twice.

"Hey Alex, I said I'd call. So there it is. Call me. Still planning lunch for
tomorrow. I'll cook. See you."

Lunch! We hadn't even made it through breakfast what made him think we could do
lunch without fighting only a day later. After the third time I listened to it I
deleted it. I didn't need the reminder. I should just delete his contact
altogether, or maybe ditch the phone for a new one. Then only Benji would have
it. Poet couldn't lure me back in, but he'd only find it he always did no matter
how often I tried to ditch the man who kept pulling me back into the world of
the supernatural. Fuck him!

I could use that favor to tell him to leave me alone forever. No questions asked
he said…

The second message caught me off guard. I didn't recognize the voice. "You don't
know me, Dude, but we are having a welcome to your new place party for our big
bro Nox, and we thought you might like to join us. He's at View 34 apartment
30C. Stop by if you can, I'm sure he'd love to see you."

I blinked at the message blinking back at me. His brother was calling me to
invite me to a party. How the fuck did he even know who I was? I deleted the
message and continued driving with the music loud and the top down. I was
grateful for the warm weather. This was heaven just driving down the road
without a care in the world. Except that my mind kept drifting to a pair of
brown eyes that made me weak.

He didn't need me. I told myself. He had his vampire prince, he had his
brothers. He had Dorian. He didn't need me. He didn't even have time for me. He
didn't even try to call me on his birthday. The one day out of the year I felt
broken now. It hadn't always been this way. The first year I remembered to pour
a forty out for the lost love the day we were to meet. But the following ones I
forgot, but his birthday crept up on me and I ran back to Benji.

We hadn't been friends long, only since I was seventeen. Ten fucking years -
holy shit! Had it really been that long? Benji understood me, he grifted like I
did, but he did it for other reasons. Started out to help his family back home -
wherever home was. We didn't particularly get into details. But Benji had made a
name for himself in Vegas with high stake games and making the house more money
they they could possibly dream of. Except the house wasn't some big ass casino -
it was some little mom and pop joint looking to do business with locals and
billionaires alike. Benji profited and whenever i was in town Benji had a game
for me to play - sometimes more than one. I was hoping for the latter.

Once I got to Vegas I'd have a perfect little suite at the Bellagio looking down
at the Parisian Hotel and the knock of Eiffel tower sitting across the street.
It was almost like home, no it was home. It was the only place I'd ever come
back to. And that was only because Benji was here - he and Kish were the only
family I needed.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE4Mzc1ODMyMDksNTYxNjIyNzU5XX0=
-->