#  James Hutton (Alex)

I hadn't unpacked. I hadn't done anything so I pulled on my rumpled jeans I'd
tossed off late last night and stumbled to the door. I was about to yell as I
opened the door until I saw a large coffee and a box of donuts held in front of
a pair of brown eyes and his pretty face. Not my pretty boy but a pretty boy
nonetheless. I groaned, "What the fuck time is it?" as I walked away from Benji
standing in my doorway with coffee and donuts. I turned quickly and grabbed the
coffee he was offering up as a sacrifice instead of himself. Benji knew me well.

I sipped at the coffee and sat down on my bed while Benji set the box down on
the drawers and grinned at me his perfectly white teeth a contrast against that
olive tan. If Benji weren't so fucking straight I'd already have hit that as one
of Nox's shirts read.

I sighed and sipped my coffee again. Fuck! I hadn't found him, where the fuck
could he go?

The bed shifted under me as Benji sat down. "You want to talk about it now?"

I shook my head. "I've done way too much fucking talking, it's time to be me."

Benji chuckled, "Do you even know who Alex Kennedy is anymore?"

"How about James Hutton? I can be him." I said flatly. I didn't want to talk
about it. I really didn't want to talk about Nox fucking Sétanta.

As if his name summoned him my phone chirped that annoying sound that meant it
was my pretty boy.

"Alex…" Benji looked at me to see if I was going to answer it.

I waved it away, like it wasn't important and continued with our conversation,
"Look Benj, talking only got me into trouble. Let me do this my way."

Benji was still looking at me skeptical as he stood up and pulled off his
leather jacket. How the fuck he wore it in this heat I didn't know but it was so
much better than the sticky wet air of the City. "Fine, Jimmy." He grinned at
me. "Let's get down to business."

"I've set you up with a bank roll so you can get into the high roll tables.
James Hutton is a self made man, just like you. He's rolling in the dough and
doesn't know what to do with it. Jimmy boy is going to have to play in places
you don't really care for. The job is information gathering - a personal favor."

I interrupted Benji's spiel, "For who?"

"Honestly?" Benji looked down hesitating.

"What's wrong Benj?"

"I need you to figure out what these guys know about me, and what they intended
to do about it."

"Do about what?" I asked angrily. What had Benji gotten into?

"I don't know that's the problem. They were all in a high stakes game I was
hosting, I overheard a lot of things, but somehow they found out what I could do
and I've received this note." Benji opened up the envelope and handed a note to
me.

Leave Vegas Telepath before you get what's coming to you.

"So a threatening note has you worried?" I asked.

Benji took a deep breath and looked me straight in the eyes. "Not the note, but
who brought it to me."

"Who?" I asked quizzically, the suspense was gnawing at me.

"The human fucking servant of the Prince of Las Vegas." Benji started to
elaborate, "A fucking master vampire…"

I interrupted. "I know what human servant is, and I know what a prince means."
FUCK! How the fuck was **my** world getting so entangled into this
supernatural one? What the fuck did he do to my life!

Benji shook his head. "Alex, this has nothing to do with your pretty boy. I
doubt they even know he exists."

"I seriously doubt that. Nox is a hunter and he's friends with the fucking
Prince of New York."

"Fuck, Alex. Why the fuck didn't you jet the moment you found out?"

I sighed. "It was a lot of money and there was a favor too big to say no to."

"You're fucking a Venatori. I don't know if I should congratulate you or commit
you."

"Neither, it's over. I'm gone, he'll move on. He doesn't need me." I said, I
think I was trying to convince myself I didn't need him. He was perfectly happy
without me, Dorian had said so. I was too - mostly.

"Why vampires, Benji?" I pleaded.

"Sorry man, I didn't know. No one here knows what I can do except you, I don't
know how they found out?"

"Vampires have the same kinds of abilities. One of them might have felt you
pushing." I said.

"Since when did you become all vampire expert?" Benji laughed, "Don't tell me
you actually listened to your pretty boy talking." Benji guffawed, "Color me
shocked."

I punched him in the arm. "I listen."

"To what they think not what they say." Benji replied quickly.

"Ironically, what he says is exactly what he's thinking."

Benji shook his head, "That can't be true all the time."

"Every time I was with him, every thought was echoed by his words. Maybe not in
the same words but definitely always the same. He's a fucking book."

"That had to be the easiest mark you've ever had." Benji nodded in my agreement.
"Fuck Alex, and you fell in love."

I handed Benji my coffee cup as I landed on my back to stare up at the ceiling.
"He's the same fucking kid from my dreams."

Benji had the opposite reaction as I did. He stood up and spun to stare at me.
"WHAT?"

I sighed. "Yep, one and the same. The same scrawny kid I've been dreaming about
my whole fucking life, and he turns out to be Venatori and a strange one at
that. He knows what I am, everything now, and never once did he look shocked.
LIke he knew the whole time. Like he was waiting for me to say something. Except
he remembers even less in the real world than he did in the dream. And I had the
strangest fucking dream last night."

I told Benji all about it. About the cat woman ghost thing, and the nightmare
with glowing blue eyes. And then searching all night for him.

Benji interrupted there, "It's 3pm, local time."

"Fuck me!" I had been tired. I didn't feel like shit now so I guess I reseted
enough, but I still couldn't shake that dream.

"So Benj, James Hutton. What do you need?"

Benji sat back down and handed my cup of coffee as I sat up. "I need you to
pretend you have an issue with me and that you heard they did too. Maybe you
could team up. Figure out what they plan on doing, if anything, or what the fuck
they think I know so I can either learn it and use it against them or tell them
I know nothing about it."

I laughed, "And in knowing that they'll know you know and they will kill you?"

Benji sighed. "I know it's a risk. But isn't that what we do?"

I nodded. "Yeah, alright, Benj. For you." Anything for you, I added.

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNDcwNzYyNzI0LDEyNjYyNTQ1NjRdfQ==
-->