# High Stakes Game (Alex)

After Benji and his dealer walked in I glared at my best friend. It wasn't hard
to do when I knew he was probably trying to play matchmaker or some bullshit.
He'd been in my room alone, no telling what shit he did. I was going to have to
ditch my phone otherwise Benji was going to make trouble when I just wanted to
forget.

But here I was channeling the one person I wanted to forget. Which was the other
reason it was easy to glare at Benji, I had a feeling Nox wouldn't like him. But then
I was sure there was some sort of rule that pretty boys stuck together.

An older gentleman was the first to speak, "Let's get this rodeo started."

I turned my gaze to him and saw the ten gallon hat, the waxed mustache and saw
the pinnacle of texas royalty sitting next to me.

Everyone anted up and the game started. The best thing about  poker was I knew
who was bluffing without any tells. I knew exactly what was where and I didn't
have to count cards or do anything overly dramatic. Except for the two vampires
across from me. It was like reading a blank wall. How had Benji overheard
something they weren't even projecting. Maybe they learned their lesson?

The first hand ended with Tex and the Prince going head to head. Tex had a
better hand, but the Prince was intimidating with that long dark stare. The
vampire next to him watched calmly, his name was Brandon Holt, he seemed just a
regular rich man here to have a good time.

We hadn't gotten far into our third hand before a woman walked in. Every eye,
including my own was drawn to her. It seemed to be a thing here, or maybe she
just had that vibe. She leaned down and whispered into the vampire prince's ear.
"The package is set to arrive in a few days."

He smiled wide and I frowned, Benji hadn't heard the vampires, he'd heard her.
She was a wide open book. I could see every thought without a problem. The
vampires weren't looking at me, they watched her. Looked at her and I heard in
her mind. "Roseya please, dear, you are projecting." She looked across the table
and then back at Benji. She spoke instead of whispered or thought in her head.
"You said you'd taken care of it."

Brandon smirked even as the vampire prince glared. "Does it look taken care of?"

"What needs taking care of?" I asked in a hushed whisper. I grinned at the
vampire, "I don't mean to pry, but that's sort of my thing, helping out those
who need help."

I let my thoughts drift to the things I'd known Nox could do, but kept out the
werewolves and the vampires and all the supernatural things. I knew he was
reading me. I could feel him pushing at my shields but I only gave him what I
wanted him to see. It wasn't often I went up against another telepath, but Benji
and I had played the game long enough. we both knew how to manipulate even one of
our own kind. I also added my dislike of Benji, though I didn't know his
pseudonym right now so I kept it to our 'gracious host'. I despise the man. He
was always getting in the way.

That thought brought a smirk to their faces across from me. So they were both
reading me. I didn't show my hand as I folded yet again. I could have won that
game, but it was best not to let them know I might be cheating. I had a
feeling I was in. In with fucking vampires.

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTk0MzA0NzU2MCwyMDExMDEzMTUsLTk3OT
k0ODg0M119
-->