#  Making New Friends (Alex)

The games ended and I doublerd walked in I glhat I had started at my best friend. It wasn't hard
to do when I knew he was probably trying to play matchmaker or some bullshit.
He'd been in my room alone, no telling what shit he did. I was going to have to
ditch my phone otherwise Benji was going to make trouble when I just wanted to
forget.

But here I was chwith while still not actually
looking like I had rigged the game. The dealer didn't know me so it wasn't a
matter of Benji telling him. For all he knew we were all cheating. And most of
us were. The guy to my left was counting the cards. The two vampires were
telepathic like myself, but the texan neling the one person I wanted to forget. Which was the other
reason it was easy to glare at Benji, I had a feeling Nox wouldn't likxt to me, he was legit, and oddly enough
he won more often than not. But usually because the rest of us knew our hands
were shim. But
t.

It was sure there was some sort of rule that pretty boys stuck together.

An older gentleman was the first to speak, "Let's get this rodeo started."

I turned my gaze to him and saw the ten gallon hat, the waxed mustache and saw
the pinnacle of texas royalty sitting next to me.

Everyone anted up and the game started. The best thing about poker was I knew
who was bluffing without any tells. I knew exactly what was where and I didn't
have to count cards or do anything overly dramatic. Except for the two vampires
across from me. It was like reading a blank wall. How had Benji overheard
something when they weren't even projecting. Maybe they learned their lesson?

The first hand ended with Tex and the Prince going head to head. Tex had a
better hand, but the Prince was intimidating with that long dark stare. The
vampire next to him watched calmly, his name was Brandon Holt, he seemed just a
regular rich man here to have a good time.

We hadn't gotten far into our third hand before a woman walked in. Every eye,
including my own was drawn to her. It seemed to be a thing here, or maybe she
just had that vibe. Shell late, and I knew my pretty boy would be fast asleep by now. Probably
even about to wake up. I glanced at my watch and nodded to myself, he was about
to wake up for the day and I hadn't even gone to bed.

Both of the vampires strode up next to me as I headed out of the basement into
the darkened sky. Though it was almost as bright as daylight on the strip.
Brandon Holt grinned at me, "So, you played a good game. Lu can't be happy about
that." Lu? I thought to myself. But the darker vampire kept on talking. "His
house never loses."

I laughed. "Teach him right. Stiffing me like last time."

The other vampire, the Prince of Las Vegas chuckled. "So you've had not so great
run ins with him in the past?"

I nodded. "Yeah. Stiffs me whenever he gets a chance. Last time he hired a broad
to distract me." Ironic that this was a distraction from a guy.

"He listens in when he shouldn't." Brandon cursed. "Maybe you can help?"

"How can I help?" I asked. "I have nothing more than money to lose to him." I
played hard to get, though my pretty boy never would. He was a straight arrow,
he knew exactly what he lewanted down and whispered into the vampire prince's ear.
"The package is set to arrive in a few days."

He smiled wide and I frowned, Benji ha. Though he still had to ask for permission. Which
got annoying.

"Do you believe in magic?" The prince asked.

I shrugged, "I don't know. What do you mean magic?" I couldn't heardlp the vampires, he'd heard her.
She was a wide open book. I could see every thought without a problem. The
vampires weren't looking at me, they watched her. Looked at her and I heard in
her mind. "Roseya please, dear, you are projecting." She looked across the table
smile
inside. Did I believe in magic, fuck yes. I watched my boy disappear with my own
eyes. I saw balls of fire floating around. I was a dream walker and a fucking
telepath the answer was a resounding yes. But I let my skepticism ride my
surface thoughts and theny back at Benji. She spoke instead of whispered or thought in her head.
"You said yoth laughed a little. I let slip a juicy tidbit about
or proprietor Lu and his lust for young prostitutes. Which was an absolute lie
and Benj wou'ld taken care of it."

Brandon smirked even askill me but fuck Toto made me play the vgampire prince glared. "Does it look taken care of?"

"What needs taking care of?" I asked in a hushed whisper. I grinned at the
vampire, "I don't mean to pry, but that's sort of my thing, helping out those
who need help."

I let my thoughts drift to the things I'd known Nox could do, but kept out the
werewolvese with mind reading
vampires.

"My name is Abraham." The prince said. It was finally nice to get a name to the
face I'd been staring at all night. The bald head and the goatee were a little
off putting but he was a big scary mother fucker and the was a vampires and all the supernatural things. I knew he was
reading me. I could feel him pushing at my shields but I only gave him what I
wanted him to see. It wasn't often I went up against another telepath, but Benji
and I had played the game long enough we both knew how to manipulate even one of
our own kind. I also added my dislike of Benji, though I didn't know his
pseudonym right now so I kept it to our 'gracious host'. I despise the man. He
was always getting in the way.

That thought brought a smirk to their faces across from me. So they were both
reading me. I didn't show my hand as I folded yet again. I could have won that
game, but it was best not to let them know that I might be cheating. I had a
feeling I was in. In with fucking. "And I
just read that Lu likes young girls. I think we can manage something with that."

I looked wide eyed at them both and mouthed, how… And they both did the wall-la
motion and magic. I shook my head and thought of a huge number, "What number am
I thinking?" It was a corny classic stereotypical thing to do and would so piss
off Nox but he'd do it just to piss them off. It made me smile inside. Pissing
off my pretty boy just to see him steam a little. Fuck this wasn't working so
well. I missed him.

Brandon shook his head, "Three billion, four hundred thousand and three."

"No way?" I drawled out dumbfounded.

Holt looked at me with those dark eyes and I knew he was weighing me. He handed
me a business card, "Meet us tomorrow at 6:45pm and we'll go over how you can
help us."

I took the card and his fingers brushed mine and there was a cold chill
throughout my body. I was fucking in with vampires.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTkzMjg1NTE1OSwyMDEyNTMxNjg0XX0=
-->