
#  Confrontations (Alex)

N: I'm sorry I left like that. I just need time to wrap my head around things. I
know selfish, but I have to do what I have to do. Maybe we can get together for
lunch tomorrow? I'll cook. (Jun 20, 2017 8:11AM)

N: I just thought I'd let you know that I was heading down to Drake's apartment
to pick up some of his things. You think he'd like anything special? (Jun 20,
2017 11:20AM)

N: The joys of childhood. Look at the mess in my future. <image of cars and
toys scattered across the floor> (Jun 20, 2017 1:15PM)

N: New Place got approved. I'm moving out. I'll text you the address soon as I
learn it. (I haven't looked yet.) <image of packing boxes scattered across the
floor> (Jun 20, 2017 3:20PM)

N: Drake says hi. He has his own Snoopy Dance. <image of Nox and Drake>
<image of Drake dancing with his stuffed Snoopy> (Jun 20, 2017 3:21PM)

N: Look what I got. Address is on the layout. Got enough space for you and Drake
and then some. <image of address and apartment layout> (Jun 20, 7:14PM)

N: Checkout my view. <image of the night time sky overlooking the river from
Nox's balcony> (Jun 20, 10:38PM)

N: We still on for lunch? (Jun 21, 6:16AM)

A: Can't do lunch. See you around, pretty boy. (Jun 21, 6:27PM)

N: You'd be at home. <image of the flat screen TV on the wall and one of Nox's
empty closet> (June 21, 9:34AM)

N: Your doorman is awesome. I had him deliver your box to your apartment. I
intended to give them to you five years ago, but you never showed up. I didn't
mean to keep them. I just wanted proof of who I was. I have so many questions
about the box. Maybe you'll let me ask those questions sometime. (Jun 21,
10:37PM)

N: Look what you are missing. <image of bacon, eggs, toast and cinnamon rolls>
(Jun 22, 4:45AM)

N: I'm going to come over, I need to talk to you. (Jun 22, 6:13PM)

N: Need to talk. Are you okay? Just saw your fake friend, what a piece of work!
(Jun 22, 7:46PM)

[[ After Benji read the texts ]]

N: Margo is helping me remember my dreams. I remember our first kiss, and our
first time - both my firsts if you can count a dream encounter. (Jun 22,
10:55PM)

N: I'm so sorry I don't remember all those times. I wish I did. I hate thinking
about what you had to think of me back then. (Jun 22, 10:55PM)

N: I want to remember all of them. Please help me. (Jun 22, 10:55PM)

N: Alex, I'm worried something's happened to you please call or text. Any hour.
(Jun 22, 11:30PM)

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTU2Mzg1OTEyMyw5OTY0MzU1MzksLTIwMj
cwMjM1MjNdfQ==
-->