#  Embracing The Personal (Alex)

So I was going to play games with a fucking vampire prince. A high stakes game
with Benji's money and god knows what other reputation he set me up with.

I barely read all the papers before stuffing them into my wallet. Benji gave me
the rundown, knew if told me I'd remember better. I'd become James Hutton.
Millionaire with too much money.

I grabbed the persona like it was the only thing I knew. I hadn't been anyone
but me for a few days. It had been three days, even with Janice I wasn't really
Brent anymore when I'd met Nox. I'd become me, he saw through me and I saw him.
But we weren't meant to be. I was just trouble and he was fucking Venatori.

James Hutton was too rich for his own good. He was a man who was frivolous with
his cash. I think I was going to enjoy spending Benji's money.

The game was being held in the bowels of some ritzy hotel just off the strip.
Benji never held the game in the same place twice in a row. It moved to keep the
fans away. It moved to keep it secret. You could wait outside one for weeks and
Benji would never come back to it. It was all about who he planned to court that
day. This week it seemed to be vampires, so we were in the dark places.

I really wanted to know more about what Benji had gotten himself into. Though I
don't know what I was going to do about it if he was hip deep in vampires. Fuck,
Nox would know what to do. I sighed, why the fuck can't he get out of my head!

I didn't want to be distracted. I couldn't be distracted by a pair of brown eyes
and a fucking hard body. Fuck!

I started counting my steps. Something to keep my mind off of my pretty boy, but
even that simple notion made him come to mind, how many times I'd found him in
the dream counting how many times he stomped on the blocks. I should have seen
it then, seen that he was trying to calm down, make himself feel better. How
many times had I missed all the little signs that the little boy in my dream was
a messed up kid.

But I was a sucker for those eyes and that smile. My smile.

I sighed and just let the memories come. I wasn't going to get away from them, I
might as well embrace his charm, his attitude. I could be my pretty boy. James
Hutton could charming, could be a cocky ass who is the center of attention. If
he wouldn't go away, then I'd just have to use him.

I used his swagger, but I didn't have his dancers grace. I didn't have the body
for it. I doubt I ever could move like he did, but it didn't matter, it was all
about the attitude. I could be Nox fucking Sétanta.

I pushed through a pair of double doors in the basement with a bright smile. It
was almost magical watching every eye turn to look in my direction. I didn't
wait for them to invite me to play. I sat down in an empty chair. If it were a
more casual game I might have spun the chair around and sat down with the back
between my legs, but I sat down and straightened my \$300 cufflinks and laid
down a pile of money and no one questioned my entrance.

There were five men sitting at the table and one empty seat. I recognized the
man across from me, he was bald like his picture with a goatee. He was pale, he
was vampire. I didn't lock myself away in a shield, but I didn't push at anyone.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTM5OTUyNjk2NF19
-->