#  Meeting Up with Friends

It was an annual tradition sinceScene Break



I completed my latest grift, that was not a grift, with Janice, I was finally
free to be me for a while before I headed off into the world to find a new mark
and a new game to play. I didn't make a dime on this venture. It I was 16. Me, Sage and Mia would all go dance
the night away the Friday before my birthday. We'd chosen the hottest club back
in the day and it really hadn't changed much in those 9 years. I missed two
birthdays with them and I tried not to think about them as much as possible.

I was turning twenty-five and the whole going out, get drunk, get laid scheme
didn't play out well, but it was tradition. And I still enjoyed dancing. And a
good beer. We decided to meet up outside of Bonnie's diner acros
disappointing but none of Janice's friends had any good insider knowledge that I
could exploit. Turns out she moved in circles where honesty was valued, no under
the table deals or anything like that. Boring really,

My phone beeped from an unknown number with a text. Only two people had this
number - Poet and The Wicked Truth. And I wasn't expecting anything from Wicked,
he was paid and unless he found something interesting he wouldn't contact me. So
that only left Poet. I had tried so hard to avoid him while I was in the City.
But it seemed I had failed.

The message was a place and a time. Time enough to walk there from my real
apartment which I was avoiding because I didn't want Janice to see me coming or
going from it. I wore a pair of ripped black jeans - the kind you buy with the
holes already in them that my mother would have bitched at me about. 'Why do you
buy holes in them?'

I rolled my eyes as the sound of my mother's voice echoed in my head treating me
like a child. I wore a threadbare heavy metal t-shirt that was one size too
small. I wasn't going for macho. But I so the fuck didn't need to see another
fucking pastel pink shirt and slacks for the remainder of the week.

The coffee shop was small and I didn't bother making an order with the barista
Poet was already sitting down at a long legged table. His scruffy blonde hair
brushed back and a pair of jeans and a button down shirt that looked like he had
grown up in the 30s. Which could only mean Poet had just come from his chess
game in Central Park in the guise of an elderly man. Magic was commonplace in
Poet's world. He saw through my names, and my thoughts and I couldn't break
through his shields. I stopped trying years ago.

I pulled up one of the high legged chairs at the table and sat down in front of
a coffee - cream with two sugars, just the way I liked it. Poet was starting off
right for a change - he wanted something from me.

Poet gave me a nod while I sipped my coffee. He was getting better at this. It
made me worry a little. Poet was serious out of the gate. There were no games
this afternoon.

"How was your chess game?" I asked.

Poet gave me a sly grin. "I lost - again. Checkmate, three days."

"Why don't you just cheat? You say he doesn't have a photographic memory and he
could care less."

"I did that once." Poet said. "He knew I'd change it to win in a move. It's
actually more difficult to set the board up to win in one move than it is to
just play the game. He let me win. There was no other options."

"So why keep playing?" I asked as I sipped my coffee again.

"It's a challenge." Poet said as the street
from the AU building. I was early - they were late. Typical.

I stood starreached inside his bag hanging on the back
of his chair. He set a single flash drive and a manilla folder down on top of
the table. "And it lets me see how well the boy is doing."

"You've been watching him a long time then." I stated and set my cup down.
Pleasantries were over with the real work on the table. "What do you want this
time?"

"Just information." Poet said with a smirk. "Nothing iunto the street wondering where the fuck my friends where.

Mld and nothing
difficult. Has to be better than the pastels you've been wearing for the past
few months."

If it had been anyone else I would stared in shock, but this was Poet, and Poet
had eyes and ears everywhere. He probably had ms the street
from the AU building. I was early - they were late. Typical.

I stood staring into the street wondering where the fuck my friends where.

My phone trang with a cute little rendition of Pop Goes the Weasel and I answered
it. "Mia. Don't tell me Naya is sick and you and Jace can't make it."

She sighed, "Nox, I'm so sorry, but all of us have this stomach bug or maybe we
ate something bad. I don't know but it's hell over here."

"It's alright Mia. Give Naya a kiss for me and we'll call it good."

"But it's your Birthday. I feel so bad."

I sighed. "Don't worry about it."

My phone beeped and I glanced at it. "I gotta go Mia, Sage is calling through
and I'm sure he's canceling too."

"Oh, Nox."

I stopped her before she could apologize again. "It's alright Mia. I'll just go
hang with Ant."

"You will do no such thing. No more brooding. Get on that dance floor, get laid
and have a great birthday."

I sighed. "Fine. I'll stop in for \*\*a\*\* beer and then I'm going to go hang
with Ant. I gotta go."

I didn't wait for her to acknowledge that I hung up on her and answered the next
call. "Don't tell me you are sick with a stomach bug or it's food poisoning."

"How did you know?" Sage asked over the sound of vomiting in the background. I'm
sure Dee would just love to know that her husband was in earshot of her puking
her guts out while he was on the phone.

"Mia just called. You guys had dinner at the same joint or fucked the same
guys?"

"We went to a party last night. I think someone was sick with the stomach bug."

I shrugged. "Whatever, Sage. I'll see you guys around."

Fuck tradition. I hung up on my friend and started walking in the direction of
the clubs. I walked slowly. I wasn't in a hurry.
cked and knew my
whereabouts since I got to the city. I hated that about him.

"Tell me about the job. Or is it that hush-hush."

Poet shook his head, not a hair on his head moved it was so plastered in place
to give it that scruffy look he loved. Not the kind of hair you wanted to run
your fingers through. "I'll pay you three times your usual fee."

I was about to stand up. If he started out that high this was a job he knew I
didn't want to take. "Why the fuck for?"

"It's potentially dangerous."

"Uh huh. Tell me, Poet, now, or I walk."

He smirked. "Three times your usual fee. I'll pay all expenses you incur,
including any food and or gifts needed to secure the information I'm looking
for."

"Why do you keep going higher and not telling me what you want?"

His smirk turned to a grin. "Is it tempting you?" He asked.

I growled. "Maybe." If Poet thought it was dangerous or even if it was just a
game to intrigue me. He knew risks were part of the game. I never shied from
risk.

He added, "And I'll owe \*\*you\*\* a favor."

"Any favor? Any time I want? No questions asked?"

Poet nodded. "Are you in?"

"I don't know, you haven't told me what I'm doing."

He pushed the flash drive towards me and opened the folder it had been sitting
on. A number of pictures were the only thing in the folder. On top a man who I
recognized. The growl of anger started in my throat but I bit it back. Poet was
smirking at me. "He's Venatori."

I looked up from the picture at Poet and stared in disbelief. He fucking wanted
me to read a Venatori? What the fuck!

Poet said again. "Three times your usual fee, a favor and all expenses paid.
I'll even pay your rent for the extent of the job."

"What's his name?" I demanded.

"His name is Nox Sétanta. As I said he's Venatori, specifically MNC5." Whatever
the fuck that was, but I knew it was a ranking of their magical ability. "I want
to know if he will present me a danger in the future, if he can be controlled if
he is, or does he need to be eliminated entirely."

"That's not vague. So what you want me to tell you everything?" I asked.

"Whatever you think is important. I don't care what his favorite food is, but I
care who he cares about, what are his weaknesses. I have reason to believe this
man is key to the future of our very existence and I need to know if he's on the
right side." Poet closed the folder. "The flash drive has all the surveillance
we could get on him. Street cams, schedule, his friends on the outside. But
anything on the inside is impossible to get. Reaper fails at every turn to get
me the information I desire. So I turn to my favorite path and ask him to do me
this great big favor and I'll owe him one."

"I'll think about it." I said. I grabbed the flash drive and stuffed it in my
pocket then grabbed the folder and what remained of my coffee. I gave Poet a nod
and headed out the door just as my phone rang.




I picked up the phone as I walked out the door. "Darling, what's up?" I said in
the voice that Janice expected.

"Can you meet us for dinner tonight? We have a proposition to make?"

I walked down the street and I didn't really care who heard me as I said, "As
long as it's not to be your sub, I'll come over."

Janice laughed, "Oh Brent, you are so funny. Jared and I want to thank you and
ask you something else."

"Sure sweetheart, I can come over tonight." I hung up the phone and headed to
the big apartment. I snuck in the back door and avoided as many eyes as I could.
The heavy metal shirt wasn't really Brent's thing.

I groaned when I stepped into the place. I thought I was done with this shit.
But I pulled on a pair of black slacks and a white polo, I was sick of pastel. I
wanted to stay in my jeans and t-shirt a while longer but I had agreed. Why I
don't know but a free fancy meal was always worth a little inconvenient dress
wear.

I grabbed a bottle of water and called a town car to visit Janic and Jared at
her home. I'd have preferred someplace else so I didn't have to worry about
getting roped into their sex games. I was done with that.

Or so I thought as I walked in the door they were dressed in leather and I
sighed, "I thought we were having dinner."

"We are, darling." Janice said as she pressed a kiss to each of my cheeks and I
returned the gesture. "We were just going to change, we ran a little late
breaking a new sub."

My eyes went to the direction of her dungeon room and she giggled, "She's all
cleaned up and on her way home just before you got here." Janice smiled at me
and wrapped her arm around my waist, "Always so caring."

I shrugged with a smile. "If you are nice to your things they don't break." I
said playfully.

Janice pouted even as Jared was pulling his leather pants from his long lean
body. He caught me watching him and slowed down, putting on an ever present show
because I liked his body. I gave him a smirk and turned my eyes back to Janice.
I heard him growl and the swear words that ran through his head made me laugh.
"Jared you are trying to hard."

Janice turned to see him naked and standing with the leather peeled off. "Were
you teasing Brent lover?"

"Apparently not." He pouted and let Janice fondle his cock and balls before she
pushed past him to go change.

It was always about the sex with them. They couldn't get enough of it before,
now that their dynamic had changed they really needed to find a few subs.

And that was exactly what they were looking for my help for. After we'd sat down
to eat, Jared was three sheets to the wind off of the wine Janice kept pour in
his glass. The food was alright, but I'd had better. Janice brought food in,
never cooked for herself. But then who am I to say anything about it, I rarely
cooked myself.

Janice giggled, "We want your help finding us a good sub. Someone to live with
us, and always be our little toy. You were so good at finding what I wanted, now
find what we both need."

I sighed. "I was just fixing to head home."

Jared leaned forward and I could smell the wine on his breath as he spoke,
"We'll pay you this time. Interview men and women, furries, whatever. We don't
agree on what we are looking for. So we'll give you a list of things we want and
you can find us a best match."

I took a deep breath. "How much are you talking?" I already knew my answer was
yes. Janice was Kate all over again - well not all over again. I knew I didn't
have feelings for her, but Kate. Kate made that big of an impact on my life. And
her daughter sold everything just to help those kids who'd been embezzled from.
It was funny that these two things collided, and now. I guess I was telling Poet
yes since I was going to be in town anyway. But a fucking Venatori. Up side he
was kinda hot. I had to trowel through the surveillance to be sure but I had a
feeling I was going to hate Poet by the end of tonight.




Janice and Jared gave their list and their price actually hit my normal range of
fees. It made me wonder if they thought I was a grifter or something else.
Surely not a rich kid looking for himself, I definitely didn't find myself here.
I had been looking for excuses to leave but Janice always pulls me back in. It
was her eyes, they reminded me so much of her mothers. What drew me to her was
also the very thing that made me want to run.

Poet's offer was accepted and he requested updates on a bi-weekly level until I
got in with the kid in the photo. He wasn't a kid, turning 25 in a few weeks. He
had friends in high places - the fucking prince of the vampires. Their golden
boy. Vampires were almost as bad as Venatori. I was fucking thankful I had never
fallen into one of their traps. I'd conned a man who had been addicted to their
blood and their bite. The first time we'd had sex he was so high on vamp blood
that he couldn't get it up. They had fucked his mind so hard, that normal men
couldn't do him any good. The only way he got it up was with their bite.

But it wasn't just the prince of the vamps that he knew. There were pictures of
him with nearly every Alpha in the City. The werewolves had two in town, and
there was no real pack leader of the CCB, but he was seen with the heads of V&M
which was a CCB front. One of the many holdings that paid for their operation.
Much like the Apex Unlimited Corporation was a front for the Venatori. Fuck the
building itself housed their Headquarters. And now I was making a fucking habit
of sitting at the local cafe watching the pretty boy Venatori leave on his daily
run every fucking day!

I'd seen him many times before, never really paid much attention to him other
than the fact that he was fucking hot. He was always leaving the building,
wearing running clothes, even the scar that ran the course of his left leg
didn't detract from the muscles that moved underneath. He never noticed me. This
was Janice's favorite coffee joint, so I spent much of my mornings here buying
her coffee and meeting up with her outside her office building. Now I sat and
watched him come and go.

I followed him once to see where he went. He never deviated from the path he
took around the City. It wasn't a surprise when I saw him stop stare at a chess
board with an old man sitting in front of it, make a move, grin and keep on
running. That was were I stopped following him. I sat down in front of the old
man with my own shit eating grin. "So this is who you've been playing chess with
all these years. Why didn't you just make friends with him?"

Poet's voice was not his own and I wondered what he truly looked like. "I don't
want to get too close to him. He's Venatori. No telling what he'll do if he
finds out what I am."

I stood up with a growl, "So send me into the lion den. I got it. Thanks."

Poet grabbed my hand faster than that old man should move. "It's not like you
can't read him. I can feel the power wafting from him, his shields are never
up."

Poet was right. He radiated power. And he'd also been right about me reading
him, which is how I knew he never noticed me. So before I made my presence known
over the next few days, I made one more contact.

BS: Got a job for you.

It had taken two hours before the Wicked Truth got back to me.

tWT: Another kink?

BS: No a little more tricky. I have a job, I need information that other hackers
are unable to get. I need you to get me inside the Apex Unlimited building's
upper floors infrastructure.

tWT: That will cost you quadruple my normal rate. I have to use a friend - a
good friend to get that done. And if he finds out I'm fucked!

BS: I'll make it 5x your normal rate, if you get it done tomorrow.

tWT: I'll see what I can do.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTMzNjk0ODQwMSwtMTA3NjkwMDA3Nl19
-->