#  What's Your Name?

Blue eyes didn't turn around as he shouted his response. "Didn't I hear it was
your birthday? I should be the one buying you a drink." The music got louder as
we both headed to the bar. There were no stools on this side of the bar,
standing room only and we both pressed into the only opening available.

I bumped into the man standing next to me and he growled, "Watch it."

I looked over my shoulder, "Sorry, man. Was an accident."

The man rolled his eyes and stepped away from the bar with two full iced beer
mugs in his hand, "Just keep your … just stay away from me." I smirked at him.

I turned back to blue and smiled, "Least we have a little more room now." I said
taking a small step back. There was a perpetual smirk on his lips. "So who's
buying who a drink?" I asked.

"You're buying first." he said with confidence, "then we'll see where it goes
from there."

I grinned at him and nodded, "What are you having?"

"Whiskey, no ice."

I nodded and when my favorite bartender came over and I ordered my usual and my
friends whiskey he looked at me then at my friend and blinked several times. He
shookScene Break



There were always pawns moving on the game of chess Poet was playing. But the
board was not a neat set of carefully laid squares with each piece moving a
predetermined set of spaces and direction. His pieces moved erratically, they
had free will of their own. It was a much more complicated play than the game
board he sat in front of in the middle of Central Park.

It had become a sort of habit. Every day at precisely 11 am a single person ran
by his chead and his grin grew wider. "Did Max just lose another bet?" I
asked.

Drew slapped the bar, "Yea to me."

"What was it?" I asked.

He leaned in and whispered, "That you liked men too. Seems I won that one."

I nodded, "Drinks please?"

Drew laughed and made his way down the bar to get the high dollar whiskey which
I really couldn't afford. He set it down in front of blue eyesss board. He’d stop and offer Poet a bright smile. He’d stare at the
board while he stretched out the kink in his long lean side then reach across
empty chair and winmaked at me,
"I'll comp this one since it's your birthday and you just won me some money."

"You know the owner?"

I shook my head. "We've met. I occasionally join them in the ring to let them
kick the shit out of me." It was the only time I didn't use my powers to help
out. They didn't hiit harder than I did, they weren't faster, so I didn't use it
to my advantage. And they won more often than not. And it was why I went, it was
a test of skill not power. And I always needed to be on top of my game.

"You box?" He asked.

I shrugged as I sipped my Sam Adams Irish Red. "I guess you could call it
boxing. I was never one for following one set of guidelines. I use what's best
for the situation."

"So more like MMA?" He grinned at me with those bright blue eyes shining. "I
haven't been in the ring in a few years."

"Maybe one day we'll go up against one another." I said, almost inviting him to
my monthly scheduled match up with Max and Drew.

"I haven't been in the ring for a while." he shook his head.

I leaned forward and whispered in his ear as he sipped at his whiskey, "I didn't
catch your name and while I love calling you blue eyes or the guy in the F word
t-shirt it's be so much easier to call our your name while you fucked me."

He laughed. "Pretty fucking sure of yourself pretty boy. Figure out my name and
maybe we'll get there."

I sighed with faked irritation. "Fine, alright. If we have to play \*\*that\*\*
game." I grinned at him. "You look like a Boris to me." I said as I finished my
beer and set it down on the bar for Drew to take away.

Someone squeezed in behind me and I stepped closer to my mystery game and
smiled, "Let's dance."

"I don't dance." He said rather flatly. He turned around and looked out into the
dance floor.

I stepped closer to him so close I was almost touching him. And it took every
fiber of my will to keep from doing so. I wanted to touch his hip. Pull him
against me. I wanted to press my face to his neck and take in his scent. But I
didn't. I kept a short distance between us. "You don't have to dance…" I
searched for a name, there was one on the tip of my tongue but I couldn't find
it so I called him something silly, "Bob."

He laughed. I could feel his chest moving even though I wasn't touching him. "So
you want me to just stand there?"

I shrugged. "If you wanted to. I think I can dance for the both of us if you let
me touch you."

"So now you are asking my permission?" he smirked, "Already kissed me and tried
to stick your tongue down my throat and now you ask?" He turned around and we
were so close to kissing again.

I bit my bottom lip and stared into his blue eyes. He was exactly my height it
made for an interesting dynamic and fucking would be…. I blinked and took a step
back. "Yeah, now I'm asking." I said and dropped my gaze. He might be making fun
of it or he might be angry. I didn't want to make the wrong choice.

He grabbed my hand and we walked out on to the dance floor. He was true to his
word, he didn't dance. He did sway and I danced around him, my fingers trailing
lightly across his arms, chest and back. He watched me until I was standing
behind him and I pressed myself against him. I groaned helplessly which pulled
his smirk into a smile. I entwined my fingers around his and used one hand to
press against his tight stomach. The other I waved about as I moved him with me.
He leaned against my chest and gave me some freedom in his movements.

The music was loud but the only thing I could hear was the sound of his heart
beating in his chest, and the breath in his lungs. His scent was comforting, a
slight citrus scent underneath the stench of the club.

I don't know when it happened. I was so lost in the moment but the next I was
leaning back against him one hand in his dark hair and the other behind his
neck. It was awkward and I was at his mercy, my body exposed to him. He had one
hand under my shirt pressing firmly against my stomach, his fingers lightly
tracing the muscled contours of my abs. The other was hooked into my jeans at
the button. His fingers hovering over my hard cock but never actually touching
me. I begged, "Touch me Alex."

"What?" He exclaimed in my ear jolting me out of my daze.

He reached back into his pocket and glanced at his phone. "Shit!" He said. "I
gotta go." He spun me around, "Why did you call me Alex?"

I shrugged still not exactly sure what had happened, "It felt right."

He narrowed his eyes and pulled in his lips and I could tell he was trying not
to run his fingers through his already mussed up hair. "You nailed it, without
even trying. I do gotta go." He leaned in and whispered placing something in the
front pocket of my hoodie. "Call me." He said as he slipped out of my reach and
off the dance floor. Leaving me staring after him. What the fuck just happened?
 single move. “Checkmate!” he explained today with a
bright smile .

He’d depart the way he came, only in the opposite direction. His long lean legs
carrying him towards the Apex Unlimited building where he’d shower, and then
make lunch. Such was his everyday routine, and it had been the same for a blip
in Poet’s life, but most of the mans.

Poet had been watching the boy grow up. Watching the once scrawny gangly kid
grow into himself. Grow into his power. And boy did that boy have power. At
first when Morpheus brought him the news of the strength of the boy it was just
a curiosity. Poet kept tabs through the school, and Morpheus’ nightly minions.
But he was just a boy - of no consequence.

And then all of a sudden there was this marvelous statue that had been moved
from the upper levels to take pride of place in the middle of the AU building’s
first floor lobby.

There was nothing spectacular about the statue, except that it had been crafted
by a ten year old Magnus who could wield all four elements at the same time.
Poet had gone more than once to behold the spectacle that humans didn’t
comprehend. The sheer power of the boy was unheralded. The fact that he was
nether-born was a thing of prophecy.

From that moment forward Poet had the boy watched. Matthias Haskings son,
Matthew sent his academic records. The little nightmare made quarterly reports
to Morpheus, though the demon was never truly honest about anything. Reaper once
Poet had found him, dredged up every online footprint the boy made. This would
have been excellent except it was only his personal life Reaper could find.
Anything that happened in the upper floors of the Apex Unlimited building were
completely off the grid. There was no way Reaper could infiltrate their outdated
systems.

The one saving grace was that the boy ran circles around the city. He was
friends with the Prince of the Vampires, Il Cane’s Golden boy - her son, and his
friend. His wolf pack connections were high in every sense of the world. Once he
left the AU building he was on Poet’s turf and surveillance was great.

And the best part of watching Nox Sétanta all these years, he knew the boys
schedule inside out almost ran his clock by it. The boy was a player in a game
he didn’t even know he was playing. Poet had let him go for the last five years.
Let the fates go where it took him. But now, he was about to pull strings, he
just had to find the right mechanism.

His exploits in the bars had prompted Poet to send Leyla after him. A sweet
little telepath but she couldn’t get close. She’d flirt, be nice, and all he
ever wanted was a quick fuck. He ignored her after she gave in. Plan A was a
dud.

It wasn’t until Poet saw him with the Vampire Prince with his own eyes. There
was more in that relationship than just friendship. So Plan B was born.

Poet looked at his watch, it was just about time to meet with Plan B. He stood
and the light around him shimmered and when he stepped forward his visage
changed. The once old man was now his youthful self. No need to hide. As long as
the check never bounced the man would always come back to New York City for him.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTgxMTQ4OTk5Nl19
-->