#  The Card

I patted the front pocket of my hoodie and pulled out the card he'd stuff in it.
I flipped it over and there was a number with a date and time printed on the
back, '6/19 3PM'. The front was some game place out in Long Island City - a
thirty min train ride.

I tucked the card back in my pocket and walked in a daze back to the bar. This
time I took a seat and Drew handed me another beer. "Seems he left you high and
dry, that's a new one."

I shrugged, "Seems about right to me." I said absently though I don't know why I
said it.

I walked home after I finished the beer. My birthday bash had turned into a good
flirting session but I had nothing left other than a flimsy piece of paper. No
friends, no fucking…

I didn't want to go home. It was late, but I didn't want to go home and dream of
those eyes. I knew tonight was going to be hell. I didn't want to go to sleep.
So instead I opened up the door to the diner across the street from the AU
building. The door jingled a welcoming sound and the holler of "Be right with
you, take a seat anywhere" came from the back.

Bonnie wasn't on, but Sandra was and she was just as sweet as Bonnie and a lot
younger. Though if I even dared touch her Bonnie would have my hide. So it was
just flirting.

I sat down in my normal booth in the back by the kitchen with my back to the
wall. I could see the whole place from here but no one could sneak up on me.

Sandra came out of the kitchen, "Where's your friends sweetie?"

"Stood me up." I grinned at her. "I'll have my usual."

"Alright, sweetie. Pumpkin pie and a black coffee coming right up." And since I
was the only customer it really was right up.

I sipped at my coffee as I pulled the card from my pocket again and stared at
the handwritten side until my cup ran dry.

"A refill sweetie?" I nodded and she filled my cup when I set it on the table.

The pumpkin pie sat untouched while I pondered what it meant. Was this meant for
me? Did he give me the wrong card? It looked like a date.

I sighed and stuck the card in my back pocket and finished my pie. I glanced at
the time on my phone and left Sandra a good tip before I headed off into the AU
building to my room. I didn't want to go to sleep. Ophelia was curled up on her
pillow. She barely looked up at me before she stood up and stood up and turned
her back at me. "Fine, I'm going for a run anyway." She meowed at me and then
went back to sleep.

I changed clothes and went for a run. I was going to do my fucking best to stay
awake. Tomorrow was saturday I'd end up at Armande's at night I needed to be top
of my game. A nap in the middle of the day should help, but there was no way in
hell I was going to sleep now. I didn't want to dream of the blue eyed demon. I
didn't want to see his eyes beating me. I didn't want to remember either of them
that way. I wish I could have seen his face…

I was back in my room before 4am. And I started my morning routine but I started
with a cup of coffee.

And by 8am I was staring at the card Alex had given me. His name was like a
distant memory. Like I should know it, but didn't. He had bolted after I'd said
his name. I wondered if he wanted me to call him or not. I'd only ever called
one man back, and Dan had tried to use me. I didn't want to put the one
experience up against the others but I had shit luck with guys. Why would this
be any better?

But I dialed the number. The phone picked up and a groggy and curt voice
answered, "What?"

"Ah."I glanced at the clock on the wall. "Fuck. Sorry, I didn't realize the
time. I'll call back later."

"Nox?" He asked. "No, I just laid down it's alright, what do you want?"

"You told me to call. I didn't mean to call so early."

"So why did you call?" I could hear the smirk on his voice.

"Right. Uh. The card you gave me, obviously your number but there's a date and
time on it, did you need it for something?"

He snorted. "That's why you called?"

"You told me to."

"Do you always do what you are told?"

I smirked myself, "Usually. But I wasn't sure you meant this for me. Did you
give me the right card, it's for a game complex out in Long Island city."

"It is, isn't it. I'll see you there at 3 on Monday." He said then the phone
went dead.

What the fuck! He just hung up on me. Wait? Did he just ask me out? Fuck!
