#  The Card

I patted the front pocket of my hoodie and pulled out the card he'd stuff in it.
I flipped Scene Break
 The Kissing Game (Alex)

Janice and Jared conned me into going to some sex circle party down in Brooklyn.
Or at least that's what I made them think. I knew that it would kill two birds
withit over and there was a number with a date and time printed on the
back, '6/19 3PM'. The front was some game place out in Long Island City - a
thirty min train ride.

I tucked the card back in my pocket and walked in a daze backne stone, so I'd put the thought in Janice's head and she suggested it to
Jared and it grew from there.

They didn't traditionally go to orgie parties Janice said. She thought it was
too low class, but this one was being hosted by some big name. I hadn't even
known that much I just knew I needed an excuse to go.

Janice and Jared were going to wear all leather until I told the bar. This
time I took a seat and Drew handed me another beer. "Seems he left you high and
dry, that's a new one."

I shrugged, "Seems about right to me." I said absentlym it wasn't that
kind of part. Was more about the sex and the drugs but mostly about the sex. I
chose their outfits for them. Brent was more than happy to pick out clothes.
Janice was overjoyed by my pick, it was just a spring dress that was see through I don't know why I
said it.

I walked home after I finished
in all the right places while being completely appropriate for wear outside the 
beer. My birthday bash had turned into a good
flirting session but I had nothing left other than a flimsy piece of paper. No
friends, no fucking…

I didn't want to go home. It was late, but I didn't want to go home and dream of
those eyes. I knew tonight was going to be hell. I didn't want to go to sleep.
So instead I opened up the door to the diner across the street from the AU
building. The door jingled a welcomdroom.

Jared was dressed like me in a pair of jeans and tight t-shirt.

I drove. I missed driving my girl and this was a longer trip even if traffic on
a Thursday night was gonna suck. Traffic here always sucked. But Serenity got to
get a bit of action too.

We pulled up to the house in Brooklyn, the party was already booming and we were
followed in by a line of other cars. I dropped Janice and Jared off at the door
and drove myself around until I found a parking spot to keep my girl safe.

That was probably the hardest part of the whole ploy.

Janice and Jared were already chatting up a girl on the dance floor. She seemed
into them, and I wondered if they'd be taking a cab home with their new pet.
We'd see. I hadn't found anyone that matched their criteria yet. They weren't
disappointed. They liked trying sound and the holler of "Be right with
you, take a seat anywhere" came from the back.

Bonnie wasn't on, but Sandra was at all the wrong people.

I gave them a nod and walked past them. Grabbed a drink from the cooler and
looked around. I was looking for a few specific people.

It really wasn't hard to find sthe was just as sweet as Bonnie and a lot
younger. Thm. The big dumb blonde made my skin crawl. I
knew him. I hated him and I didn't want to t to the bar. This
time I took a seat and Drew handed me another beer. "Seems he left you high and
dry, that's a new one."

I shrugged, "Seems about right to me." I said absently though I don't know why I
said it.

I walked home after I finished the beer. My birthday bash had turned into a good
flirting session but I had nothing left other than a flimsy piece of paper. No
friends, no fucking…

I didn't want to go home. It was late, but I didn't want to go home and dream of
those eyes. I knew tonight was going to be hell. I didn't want to go to sleep.
So instead I opened up the door to the diner across the street from the AU
building. The door jingled a welcoming sound and the holler of "Be right with
you, take a seat anywhere" came from the back.

Bonnie wasn't on, but Sandra was and she was just as sweet as Bonnie and a lot
younger. Thougch if I even dared touch her Bonnie would have my hide. So it was
just flirting.

I sat down in my normal booth in the back by the kitchen with my back to the
wall. I could see the whole place from here but no one could sneak up on me.

Sandra came out of the kitchen, "Where's your friends sweetie?"

"Stood me up." I grinned at her. "I'll have my usual."

"Alright, sweetie. Pumpkin pie and a black coffee coming right up." And since I
was the only customer it really was right up.

I sipped at my coffee as I pulled the card from my pocket again and stared at
the handwritten side until my cup ran dry.

"A refill sweetie?" I nodded and she filled my cup when I set it on the table.

The pumpkin pie sat untouched while I pondered what it meant. Was this meant for
me? Did he give me the wrong card? It looked like a date.

I sighed and stuck thhim, but I needed that little
bit of contact. He was dancing with his wife, she was cute little thing. It
really amazed me that Nox hadn't tapped that girl or settled down with her
instead of letting this ape fuck her. But whatever.

I slid up to them on the dance floor just dancing. Minding my own business. It
didn't take much to find myself up against her backside with my hand against her
hip. Her man growled at me and I gave him a playful wink and reached across his
wife and ran my fingers over his cheek. The light touch was tinged with thoughts
of how fucking hot I was. They both fell into the grips of my manipulation and
when I was sure they wouldn't bolt from me, I fed them a lie. A lie they'd tell
tomorrow. The lie wouldn't feel a lie. They'd feel the nausea and if I was lucky
the psychosomatic reactions would kick in and they'd actually get sick. But it
was all in their heads.

It wasn't long before their friends joined them. The brunette wrapped her arms
protectively around the man with dark blue eyes. He was going to be chard in my back pocket and finished my pie. I glanced at
the time on my phone and left Sandra a good tip before I headed off into the AU
building to my room. I didn't want to go to sleep. Ophelia was curled up on her
pillow. She barely looked up at me before she stood up and stood up and turned
her back at me. "Fine, I'm going for a run anyway." She meowed at me and then
went back to sleep.

I cher to
manipulate. His head was full of things I didn't understand but touching him was
going to be difficult. He had haphephobia, the fear of being touched. So
touching him would make him freak out. Maybe I didn't need to touch him. He
wasn't going anywhere tomorrow without his ball and chain. Or at least that's
what I hoped. But I could plant that suggestion in her head, to keep him home.

So I played the same game with them, she was a lot easier to manipulate. Though
there was this strange vibe from her. I didn't really feel her thoughts, but she
was more than amenable to my suggestions. I tried it out before I implangted cloththe
lies and went for a run. I was going to do my fucking best to stay
awake. Tomorrow was saturday I'd end up at Arthe impulse to keep her man at home with her.

I was satisfied with the work so I returned to Janice and Jared for the
remainde's at night I needed to be top
of my game. A nap r of the night. They went home in a town car with their new pet. She was
a bit too drunk, and probably going the middle of the day should help, but there was no way in
hell I was going to sleep now. I didn't want to dream of the blue eyed demon. I
didn't want to see his eyes beating me. I didn'to freak out once they brought out the whips
and chains, but they had to learn what made a good sub and what didn't.

I got to drive home alone in Serenity. Just me and my baby. It was bliss. And
too short. I was grateful Janice and Jared waent to remember either of them
that way. I wish I could have seen his face…

I was back in my room before 4am. And I started my morning routine but I started
with a cup of coffee.

And by 8am I was staring at the card Alex hadhome early meant I could be up
at the butt crack of dawn so that I could watch the Feras before he left. It may
be a day for parties tomorrow but he never deviated from his schedule and I had
to put myself in his path as much as possible before that night.

I scoured through the footage Poete card in my back pocket and finished my pie. I glanced at
the time on my phone and left Sandra a good tip before I headed off into the AU
building to my room. I didn't want to go to sleep. Ophelia was curled up on her
pillow. She barely looked up at me before she stood up and stood up and turned
her back at me. "Fine, I'm going for a run anyway." She meowed at me and then
went back to sleep.

I changed clothes and went for a run. I was going to do my fucking best to stay
awake. Tomorrow was saturday I'd end up at Armande's at night I needed to be top
of my game. A nap in the middle of the day should help, but there was no way in
hell I was going to sleep now. I didn't want to dream of the blue eyed demon. I
didn't want to see his eyes beating me. I didn't want to remember either of them
that way. I wish I could have seen his face…

I was back in my room before 4am. And I started my morning routine but I started
with a cup of coffee.

And by 8am I was staring at the card Alex had giaven me. His name was like a
distant memory. Like I should know it, but didn't. He had bolted after I'd said
his n for weeks pulling out all kinds of
little notes on Nox Sétanta. Things like his schedule, what he ate where, but it
wasn't just his food and his schedule that was the same. IHe wondered if he wanted me to call him or not. I'd only ever called
one man back, and Dan had tried to use me. I didn't want to put the one
experience up againsre the same
things. LIke they were rotated or something. This guy was a fucking nut job. He
didn't do anything out of the ordinary. Which meant the others but I had shit luck with guys. Why would this
be any better?

But I dialed the number. The phone picked up and a groggy and curt voice
answered, "What?"

"Ah."I glanced at the clock on the wall. "Fuck. Sorry, I didn't realize the
time. I'll call back later."

"Nox?" He asked. "No, I just laid down it's alright, what do you want?"

"You told me to call. I didn'twould go to Aspect
tomorrow night, kiss his friends to get into the club after capacity. I had to
be at the front of that line when he got there. Which you'd think would have
been easy, but he was fucking late. He was never fucking late. I almost went
looking for him. But I saw his long lean body walk up to the bouncer and I had
to mean to call so early."

"So why did you call?" I could hear the smirk on his voice.

"Right. Uh. The card you gave me, obviously your number but there's a date and
time on it, did you need it for something?"

He snorted. "That's why you called?"

"You told me to."

"Do you always do what you are told?"

I smirked myself, "Usually. But I wasn't sure you meant this for me. Did you
give me the right card, it's for a game complex out in Long Island city."

"It is, isn't it. I'll see you there at 3 on Monday." He said then the phone
went dead.

What the fuck! He just hung up on me. Wait? Did he just ask me out? Fuck!euver my way through the line to get where I needed to be. I wanted to be
that guy he kissed to get in. I didn't want to go into that fucking club, but
Poet was paying me well. And all I had to do was get close enough to get
information.

I had to talk a few guys into letting me past but it was no big deal with a
little mental nudge here and there. Soon I was watching him bite his bottom lip.
How fucking cute? And then he grabbed my shirt and pressed his lips to mine. I
felt that spark and it sent a sudden jolt of fear through me. I didn't like when
weird shit happened. Specially when a fucking Venatori was involved.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTEwMDExMjgwMDMsNzk2ODYyMDA4XX0=
-->