#  Vampires, Werewolves and Venatori , Oh My

I busied myself with work on my laptop. Dae'lin had me doing research on several
other cases. She never told anyone who was doing the research or how some of the
intel was found. And she never told them when I had interfered. But I had
connections no other Venatori had. My father of course knew and he had me
looking into his vampire case. He and Emilio were supposedly the resident
vampire experts and yet they knew nothing of the vampires living in New York
much less the ones that lived around the world. But I never told him that, he
didn't want to hear that information.

My father was stopping over for an mid morning meal. It was breakfast for him,
he would just be waking me. I'd been up since last night so I'd eaten once
already, but my apartment still smelled like bacon as I cooked another batch and
made a few eggs. Normally I'd just scramble them and add vegetables as I went.
My dad didn't really like green things so I opted for sunny side up which he
preferred with some toast and bacon. I still had some bread left over from Sage
stopped by earlier in the week to catch up.

Kai Viddens knocked and then the door opened immediately. He was polite if
anything as he walked into my apartment carrying a bottle of irish whiskey. "I
figured we could have Irish Coffee this morning?"

I looked at the clock. "I guess it's 5 o'clock somewhere." I took it from him,
"You know I don't drink."

"You'll have a beer with me but not whiskey?"

"I have two beers at most. Anything more and I'll spiral into a self made hell I
don't want to think about." I said as I poured coffee into a mug and added some
brown sugar and stirred my father's coffee until it was all dissolved, added the
whiskey and some heavy cream, normally he'd want whipped but this was all I had.
Ophelia was looking at me like I'd done something sacrelious using her cream for
my father. I emptied the last of it into her bowl and set it in front of her
chair to appease her. She still glared at me while she lapped at the silky
treat.

"That's all the cream I have." I said as I handed my father the drink.

While I had been on my first hunt everyone told me how much I looked like my
mother. But the only resemblance I ever saw was the eyes of my father. It was
like staring into a mirror with those eyes.

Kai sat down on the couch and started pulling out reports he'd had over the past
week. It wasn't necessarily a morning ritual, but this was how Kai spent time
with me. We still struggled with personal time but we did better when it was
between just him and me in my apartment.

Kai was jealous of my relationship with Dorian (and Marco). And he tended to
take it out on me, we fought more often than not but this was the one time we
got along.

I set a plate of food on the coffee table for Kai and fed Ophelia some bacon
before I sat down with my own plate of bacon and eggs. I wasn't really hungry
but I always ate with Kai.

"What do you have here?" I asked before lifting a forkful of eggs to my lips.

Kai was sipping at his coffee, then adding more whiskey to it. He was a lush and
a half, but no one ever said it to his face. But then again so was Dorian, his
poison was a good wine. Though Kai said he didn't drink too much, but he was
like his father in that regard. I'd learned through the grapevine that Kai's
mother died early and that his father was a drunkard. It's hard to be an
alcoholic Venatori where it's detrimental to your mind and system but his father
was. Kai wasn't that bad, but he drank way more than he should. Iris was always
getting on to him about it.

My father pushed a few papers towards me. "You remember that vampire nest that
took me by surprise about five years ago?"

I sighed, "Yeah I can't forget it."

Kai looked at me with a frown. "Regret saving your old man?"

I shook my head, "No, it's not that." I didn't want to talk about it.

Kai put his hand on my shoulder then took a deep breath. "Right, well I think
they were incited. There has been a large influx of vampires."

"Not only vampires. The rogue pack has been seeing a lot of newcomers and the
CCB ranks are growing exponentially. The residential units here in the AU
building are being swamped too, we are running out of rune stoned room and there
is a program starting for extra stipend money for anyone who wants to move out
into the normal world."

"Are you thinking about it?" Kai asked me, his hand fell to the table from my
shoulder and he picked up papers and rummaged through them.

"I hadn't thought about it."

Kai smiled. "I think you should. Think about it that is. The decision is yours."

"I know it's mine." I said with more venom that needed.

Kai sighed. "Not that I don't like seeing you here. I just think you'd be more
comfortable out there. In the real world, than in here where every look is one
of distrust. You know they think of you as one of them. Waiting for you to screw
up so they can take you out."

I grinned at my father. "I know. But I don't screw up."

"They'll find a way one day Nox. You know that right? You shake things up. I
don't know how many times the council has asked me to rein you in."

"What did you tell them?" I asked.

"The truth," Kai laughed. "I have no control over what he does or does not do.
It'd be like telling the rain to stop falling, or the sun to stop rising."

I grinned. "Are you comparing me to natural phenomenon?"

Kai laughed, "Don't let it go to your head son." He tapped the papers in front
of him, "What do your people say is causing this influx?"

I shook my head, "Nothing. Though I imagine Il Cane would have something to say
if she'd every sit still long enough for me to ask. She's all over right now,
quelling things keeping people in line."

"The vampires are restless here too."

I laughed, "The vampires here are good compared to elsewhere, Kai. Ant has tight
control on all vamps in the 5 boroughs."

"I thought Desmond Vallejo was Master here?" He asked.

I grinned at my father's question, more because he had actually listened to me
than I thought his question funny. "Desmond is Master, but Ant is Prince. Even
though the vamps that haven't sworn fealty to him he has a modicum of control
over. Not having childe of his own has amped his power base, and being that he's
mostly Primeval bloodline gives him a larger edge over Desmond. New York City
belongs to Ant because he extends his will out to all vampires. The ones you and
Emilio hunt are those who are typically high in necromancy and Ant can't control
as well."

"Master, Prince, what's the difference?"

"Power, Dad, power. It's the difference between you and Mark Green." I said.

"You mean you and Mark Green."

I grinned, "Technically we are the same level."

"Fuck that Nox, I've seen you do amazing things with your power, you can't tell
me Mark Green is your equal."

"I didn't make the rules."

"You could be ruler now."

I smirked. "Yeah. I can see that now. Walk up to a council meeting, alright
everyone… wait where is everyone? Yeah they'll listen to me."

"They wouldn't have a choice Nox. If you were to challenge Mark Green right now
you'd win."

I sighed, "And I'd have to take a life to do it. Just let the powers that be
play their game, I don't want to lead this fucking mess."

Kai shook his head, "If it's such a mess then why not fix it."

"I can't manage to get people to understand that a werewolf who just turns
doesn't know what they are doing, or that a fledgling vampire doesn't have
refined control and that these babies need to be taken care of not killed. What
makes you think I could say this is the way it's going to be."

"You saw how people reacted when you healed me. Nox, they just need an example
to follow. In the past five years they have a team of venom Magnus who do
nothing but wait to be called in to save peoples lives. It's not as easy as when
you do it, but there is no other Cesari old enough to do it."

Kai laughed. "The only potential Cesari are like 5. I think Emilio said Dorian
has a whole class of them 6 or 7 kids who have the potential to be more. You
should go visit them, see what you see. Dorian's always going on about the
things you see."

"Since when have you been getting along with Dorian."

Kai sighed. "I've made a point to sit down with him like I sit down with you to
understand the relationship. And like with you I get fed. Having a chef for a
husband has its perks I suppose."

"I should go, we still on for our weekly spar later this afternoon?"

I nodded. "Yep. I'll be there to get my ass kicked as usual." It was the other
time my father and I got along, when he was kicking the shit out of me on the
ring floor.

