#  New Job

Dae'lin's office was across the hall from the main conference room also known as
the fish bowl. There was another more private conference room but that was
reserved for council meetings and high profile meetings. Us peons didn't get to
use it. I only glanced to see what was going on inside. There was a slideshow of
imScene Break
 Meeting Up with Friends

It was an annual tradition since I was 16. Me, Sages and people nodding as the presenter spoke. I wondered what they were
discussing but I didn't have to wonder long as I was about to knock on Dae'lin's
door she grabbed my arm and ushered me into the room. "You're late."

"You said no rush." I corrected.

"You are never one to not run to me."

"Dae'lin, you can't be pissed at me you said no rush."

The short brunette stopped and stared up at me then let go of a ragged breath of
air. "Nox, I didn't know they'd be here. I'm sorry. This case is bigger than
just what I thought."

I opened the door and walked into the meeting. A bigMia would all go dance
the night away the Friday before my birthday. We'd chosen the hottest club black man looked at me with
a scowl. There were two other people in the room, the presenter was a hot Indian
looking woman with the scarlet dot in the middle of her forehead. She had to be
a Dowager. She frowned at me, "Nice of you to finally join us Mr. Sétanta."

I shrugged. "I was told it was no rush. I apologize. It won't happen again." I
said it for both her and Dae'lin and too my seat next to a blonde.

Ms. Dowager continued on, "Now that Mr. Sétanta is here we can actually get to
the meat of the problem."

"You are all aware of the Clandestine Providence. Violators are punished by
death. In the recent few months we've seen quite a few instances across the
country of Dragon's revealing one face that until recently only one man had
escaped from to make a report - Dragon's fire."

That was why I was here. "There have been three sightings in the p
in the day and it really hadn't changed much in those 9 years. I missed two
birthdays with them and I tried not to think about them as much as possible.

I was turning twenty-five and the whole going out, get drunk, get laid scheme
didn't play out well, but it wast three
years of a man or woman who have opened up their mouths and fire shot out and
that's just in New York City alone. The two prior had been deemed parlour
tricks. This one however was in the middle of a bank robbery."

I raised my hand and Ms. Dowager glared at me. If looks could kill… She nodded
her head. "What were the other two doing? I get the ruling but what was going on
around them."

She shook her head, "I don't know it doesn't matter."

"It could." I said but wave her on and she growled at me.

Dowager looked at the blonde sitting next to me. "Mr. Moore, what have you found
so far with the robbery."

He shrugged. "Nothing was taken but the cash in the drawers." Footage of the
bank robbery started playing on the screen and I watched things play out. There
were two of them, one wearing a black leather vest with patches all over it.
"These dragons…"

I interrupted. "He's human."

"How the hell do you know?" Moore yelled at me. "They both look human to me."
And then the woman breathed fire at the camera and it went out. "See."

I sighed, "She's a dragon, I can see her unshifted form, he's just a man. What
did he do before they took the money."

"What do you mean? We don't care about the human affairs." The big black man
spoke slowly as if I were an idiot.

"He handed the teller something at gunpoint and she did something, then he
thrust the bag at her and told her to empty the drawer. What happened?"

"That's human affairs, Mr. Sétanta." Ms. Dowager said. "We don't care what
happened."

I nodded. "Why am I here?"

"Ms. Rivera says you are the best tracker around. We can't find these dragons.
We want you to help Moore and Harvard find them."

"And the fact that I survived Dragon's fire has nothing at all to do with it." I
laughed.

Ms Dowager stood in front of me, the conference table the only thing separating
us. "Mr. Sétanta. It is always good to have the best possible outcome with the
fewest resources. You fill the need of many slots on this mission. Normally
Harvard and Moore are paired with another Magnus. But as I'm told this is your
city, and you have more connections than the all the Venatori combined. We want
these two caradition. And I still enjoyed dancing. And a
good beer. We decided to meet up outside of Bonnie's diner across the street
from the AU building. I was early - they were late. Typical.

I stood staring into the street wondering where the fuck my friends where.

My phone rang with a cute little rendition of Pop Goes the Weasel and I answered
it. "Mia. Don't tell me Naya is sick and you and Jace can't make it."

She sighed, "Nox, I'm so sorry, but all of us have this stomach bug or maybe we
ate something bad. I don't know but it's hell over here."

"It's alright Mia. Give Naya a kiss for me and we'll call it good."

"But it's your Birthday. I feel so bad."

I sighed. "Don't worry about it."

My phone beeped and I glanced at it. "I gotta go Mia, Sage is calling throught 
ught and dead befoI'm sure the week is out. The damage is too great
already."

I sighed, "Fine. I want all the files on the job, and I want all the files on
the last two dragon's breath. It's be wonderful if you could give them all to me
from all over the country - the world too if you got that."

"Why?" Everyone but Dae'lin asked at the same time.

And she was the one to answer in a cool confident voice, "Because he sees things
we don't ladies and gentlemen. I know you all think I'm a fool for trusting his
judgement, for making you bring him in on this case. But my gut says it's bigger
than just a simple case of a dragon breathing fire. His father's gift is that of
seeing the future, his is a little more complicated than that. He sees the
patterns in things, things we can't even possibly begin to imagine that float in
this world, he sees without trying. Everything le's canceling too."

"Oh, Nox."

I stopped her before she could apologize again. "It's alright Mia. I'll just go
hang with Ant."

"You will do no such thing. No more brooding. Get on that dance floor, get laid
and haves a trail. He unravels it."

Ms. Dowager looked at Dae'lin andgreat birthday."

I sighed,. "He's the reason all your agents get
more than what they went after to begin with."

"Yes, Anabel. Nox is the reason my agents bring home more than just the dead
monster. They bring home the root of the problem."

The big black man snorted. "Your record too, Ms. Rivera if I must say also has
the most unsolved cases due to escaped or vanished supernaturals."

Dae'lin smirked. "Have those problems come back to haunt us?"

Ms. Dowager sighed, "No, Dae'lin they have not." She turned to me, "What
happened in these cases?"

I shrugged. "80% of our caseload is fledgling vampires and therians who with the
right teachings can control their hunger and their outbursts. Usually I send
their kind to them first. I'd also like to point out that Dragons are the least
likely to go rogue. So the fact that we've had 3 dragons breath fire in the same
number of yearsFine. I'll stop in for \*\*a\*\* beer and then I'm going to go hang
with Ant. I gotta go."

I didn't wait for her to acknowledge that I hung up on her and answered the next
call. "Don't tells me that the Dragons as a whole are up to something, or
there is a Dragon faction breaking the laws of their own kind for some other
reason. Dragons are lawful creatures, Ms. Dowager. They aren't made by a
disease, just like we don't get many calls to kill Primeval Vampires. It's
mostly those that were once human that have problems."

"Are you blaming their humanity?" Harvard growled at me.

"Not at all. But it's the fact that they weren't born that way. They were born
human, they didn't get to grow into their powers naturally. Their blood lust and
hunger don't develop naturally. Think what it would be like if it were possible
for a baby to be breed and grown until adulthood. And we expected this new clean
brain to function like an adult. It couldn't. It wouldn't even know how to walk.
It's the same with the therians and the vampires. All this raw power and they
don'tyou are sick with a stomach bug or it's food poisoning."

"How did you know?" Sage asked over the sound of vomiting in the background. I'm
sure Dee would just love to know wthat to do with it. They are just babies with adult minds."

Dae'lin was smiling happily at me. She really did like when I sounded
knowledgeable in my given field. Her and Dorian both tried to get me to write
all these common sense things down, but I never had.

"So what do they do with these babies?" The blonde asked.

"They teach them. One of my first vampires that I actually tracked down and
handed over to Il Cane, he now works night shifts downstairs at the coffee shop.
He's one hell of a barista. He's night manager too. Good responsible kid. I
believe he frequents The Roving Rave to feed every other night."

"So you keep tabs on all your pet projects?" Dowager askes.

"In a way. I ask about them in general and if someone's doing something
exceptional I get an update. Most of the time I just meet with the City powers
her husband was in earshot of her puking
her guts out while he was on the phone.

"Mia just called. You guys had dinner at the same joint or fucked the same
guys?"

"We went to a party last night. I think someone was sick with the sto make sure they don't need me to interfere in anything."

Dowager slapped her hands on the table, "So you admit to interfering in cases."

"Of course I interfere in cases that are absolutely abhorrent. Why do you kill
16 year old kids who turn wolf for the first time. 16 is way too early for
anyone to ever turn, so when they do on the rare occasion they wolf out in
public and they terrorize people. It was an accident, it's not supposed to
happen until their early 20s. Don't punish him because he was an earlier
bloomer."

I sighed. "It's like when a kid sparks at 3. We don't kill them. We start
teaching them, it's hard, and they usually don't make it but fuck, we don't kill
em."

"Maybe we should kill them." Harvard whispered.

"You mean that they should have killed me."

"It did take you two years to get through your initial training." Ms. Dowager
added. "Meeting dismissed." She added, "Mr. Sétanta. I will give you clearance
to look at whatever files you need."
ch bug."

I shrugged. "Whatever, Sage. I'll see you guys around."

Fuck tradition. I hung up on my friend and started walking in the direction of
the clubs. I walked slowly. I wasn't in a hurry.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE2NTA1OTcxMjIsLTExMDExODM2MzRdfQ
==
-->