#  Vampire Rumors

The remainder of the day I spent in the archives gathering all the fucking paper
files on all the cases I wanted to see. Annabel Dowager had delivered a list of
case numbers to Dae'lin and I had to retrieve them manually from the Archives.
This would be so much easier if it was all on the computer instead of just the
Scene Break
 Decision: Flit or Aspect?

Aspect and Flit were across the street from each other and I usually had an easy
decision based on what I had in mind for the night. My plans were shot to hell
so now I had to decide, did I go to Flit to dance or did I go to Aspect because file numbers and their location in the Archives.

Not that I minded going to the archives, I enjoyed seeing Mrs. Vega but she
hadn't been on duty - it was Saturday after all and she and the Vega's had their
weekly eat at Mom's dinner where she cooked all day. It was her one day off
during the week. I envied the Scrin, they got a day off during the week. Hunters
didn't. We got off when the case was over, and until the next one started. For
some, it was weeks to even months of do nothing time.

I couldn't sit still that long, so Dae'lin had a
it was tradition.

The decision wasn't really hard as my feet carried me to the front of the line
at Aspect. They knew me. Knew it was the Friday before my birthday and the
bouncer was a friend - well not a friend, but he I'd let him have a go at me so
he had a soft spot when it came to letting me in.

I stopped at the blacklog of cases for me to look
at between assignments. Some of them were cold cases, some of them were on
going, some of them were even solved. But Dae'lin was diligent in making sure
all her is were dotted  velvet rope that separated the passing crowd from those
in line. The big black man standing at the door pointed to the end of the line
but never turned around to see who it was. "End of the line."

I grinned and leaned hover ts crossed so I checked over to make sure there
wasn't something bigger going on.

Saturday night I took a break and went to see Armande. He was a blind vampire
who ran a safe house in Harlem. His safe house wasn't just for vampires in need
of sanctuary, but any supernahe rope spoke in a hushed whisper just under his ear,
the string from my hoodie dangled against his shoulder and I used my core to
just barely lean against him but not actural creature who wanted a safe judgement free
place to lay low. It was under Il Cane's protection and Armande was her conduit.
He was an old vampire, like dawning of mankind old. He was one of The First
vampires ever embraced. But he wasn't powerful enough to be a master much less
rule his own bloodline.

But Armande was a good man. He helped those who needed helping and he kept the
Harlem vampires in line by sheer force of will. He had eyes and ears everywhere
and if you bit a human you weren't supposed to he knew, and Il Cly touch him as I spoke, "Aw, come on
Mike. It's my birthday."

The big black man turned on his heel quickly his face a hair's breadth from
mine. He's white smile a stark contrast against his heavily dark skin. "If it
isn't the playboy. Max has missed you."

I grinned. "I'm all growed up."

"He's been losing a lot of money since you left."

"Why's he still betting I'll fuck a girl on the dance or one of
her ilk would hunt you down dead. New York City was run with an iron fist. But
unlike pack, the vampires didn't have to check in. The relatively low vampiric
crime rate drew vampires here like crazy - most figuring that the city had to be
teaming with ripe humans to take out that no one would notice them. They learned
the hard way and those were the ones the Venatori hunted down and killed. So
much for not noticing.

Armande sat in his arm chair facing the boarded up window like he was watching
the sun set. "I smelfloor then?" I asked.

Mike laughed. "I don't know. I guess he thinks once a player - always a player."
He lifted the velvet rope as two people staggered out of the exit to let two
more inside. "You know the drill. I can't let you in. End of the line."

"I do know the drill so why do you make me play this game - every year?"

He laughed again and put his hand to his ear to listen to his comm unit. "Boss
says I can't ledt you coming from a mile away."

"Are you that hungry?" I asked playfully from the doorway.

Armande laughed, "You are the vampire'sin without a show."

"I don't have any friends to kiss for you." I grinned at him.

Mike looked around and nodded to the guy in a pair of blacon, Feras." He said lovingly,
caressing the slur to soften the blow. He meant it onlyk pants and a grey
'Friday, my second favorite F word' t-shirt. I loved the shirt. He was looking
off into the nicest of ways.
Most of my so called contacts called me Feras lovingly. It was their way of
showing respect while showcasing the fact I was still Venatori.

"Great I'm fatty and delicious." I smirked. "I'll agree to half that. Though no
one can resist bacon." And in that statement I was holding out my wrist for
Armande.

He was one of two vampires I fed on a regular basis. Armande bit into my wrist
with a sharp pin prick followed by an intense rush of lust and desire that in
seconds toned down to something enjoyable, more like a soft kiss than all out
good fucking - which was how Ant always bit me. He had no choice, he wasn't in
control of the incubus side of his nature. One of the side effects of being born
to an embraced vampire.

Armande released my wrist and I felt the marks on my wrist heal almost
instantaneously. I rarely had to apply elements to those small marks now, they
sort of just happened. Like my entire body willed those elements there. But it
didn't work on my night time visitor's lashes I had to do that on my own. At
least I wasn't scarring anymore than I already was.

He licked his lips and smiled at me. It was creepy with my blood on his lips. He
knew it too. "What can I do for you today?"

"Tell me about any dragons in your neighborhood."

"Dragons…" Armande stood up and paced back and forth in front of the boarded up
window. "I have one here, but he keeps to himself. His neighbors complain about
the smell. I don't know what kind of dragon he is but he puts off an awful
odor."

"Dragons tend to smell like the kind of dragon they are. Usually something
burning, burnt or just about to burn."

Armande nodded, "Definitely smells like that."

"Anything else?" I asked.

Armande pace increased with each step, soon it was just a blurred moment across
the window. He stopped dead in his tracks and turned to me. "There are
rumblings. But nothing more than more dragons in town than ever before."

I nodded. "How are the babies all doing?"

Armande smiled, "Wonderfully well. I had to send one to Il Cane to relocate. He
refused to follow the rules and I was tired of dodging your father."

I smirked. "My father thinks the vampires are being incited by someone or
something. More so than usual."

"You mean like someone is deliberately bringing them here to cause problems?"

"Or just pushing them to do something they shouldn't."

Armande put his pale hand to his chin and rubbed the stubble that no longer
grew. Hair and nails no longer grew once you became undead contrary to popular
belief. They are no longer the corpses of their human death. However it could
'grow' back if you cut it off. Your cells took on a property of cohesion and to
heal itself those properties were all left in tact. "I have heard no rumblings,
but I will get with the rest of the clans and see if they've heard anything."

"I appreciate it." I said. "It's been a pleasure as always Armande. I have
things to do. Next Friday?"

"This was the only Saturday of the year you make available for me, Feras. Why
would I change now. Friday it always is."

I grinned. "Thank you for understanding."

"If I hear anything dire, I will send word via my Prince."

"Lovely Armande. Thank you." I smiled before walking out of his humble abode.
club, I wondered what he was thinking, he didn't seem to be with
anyone else. Mike tapped him on the shoulder, "You want to get in at capacity?"

He turned and those eyes struck me. I bit my bottom lip when he asked, "What do
I have to do?" He looked at me then back at Mike.

Mike laughed, "I'll let ya both in if you let him kiss you."

His very familiar ice blue eyes looked at me again and I wanted to look away but
I couldn't. Drawn to those eyes. I loved that color, but feared them just as
much. Not that I should be afraid of this random guy just because I was seeing
him everywhere.

He gave me a slow hot once over then shrugged. "I think I could suffer through
that," he said with a smirk.

It took me a few seconds before I realized exactly what had just happened. And
register that he'd said yes. Problem was he didn't move, he stayed leaning
against the wall. I waggled my finger at him in the classic come hither motion.
I realized then that I was clamping down rather hard on my bottom lip. Fuck! I
let it go when he was close enough to reach and to grabbed a fist full of his
sarcastic t-shirt and pulled him closer. "You move too slow." I said then
pressed my lips to his.

I jumped a little as our lips touched and a charge of static ignited between us
zapping both of us but his lips were soft and he tasted like strawberries. I
could smell Bonnie's perfume on him, he'd been there just before coming here.
Strawberry milkshake, that's what he tasted like. I licked at his lips but he
jerked back, that smirk back on his face as he said, "Uh uh. Just a kiss pretty
boy."

Holy fuck! I let go of his t-shirt and took a step back involuntarily. I stood
and stared at him while he smirked at me, then turned to Mike with the same
smirk, "That good enough?" I wasn't sure he'd said what I thought he did. I
pushed it from my head. I didn't need to relive those memories not tonight of
all nights.

Mike laughed, "More than good enough. Come on in, Nox Make sure you buy this guy
a beer."

I nodded, "I will, Mike. Thanks." I handed Mike a \$50 as I passed by. It wasn't
a bribe, it was a thank you. I didn't bribe my way in. Not once. The bar man
would get a \$50 as well when I left. Even if the service was shitty. It was my
birthday and I spent the money on those who made my day better.

The guy in the in the F word t-shirt walked ahead of me and I caught up with
him. "Let me buy you a drink to thank you."


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTEwOTI3NTYzMDBdfQ==
-->