#  Grocery Shopping

I was a walking zombie after feeding Armande. It wasn't that he took too much,
he barely had anything, but I was exhausted. Dead on my feet didn't even cover
it. I barely made it through my nightly yoga routine before I passed out on the
bed sans covers and everything.

I had only prolonged the inevitable though. The dreams came - they always came.
The darkness, the fog. The confusion and sadness as the blue eyes started in on
me.

I fell out of one dream into a panic state with Ophelia resting against my side.
The hum of her purring next to me soothed me into slumber again - only to find
myself in the grips of the nightmare again. The red eyes were burning like fire
as the tentacles of elements rained down on my back. I did my best not to cry
out but I shot awake, my body aching and my bed a bloody mess. I rolled over and
collapsed on the bed. It was like it had waited for me to sleep. I healed my
back as I lay on my side trying not to drift off again. It wasn't even 2 am yet.

I didn't sleep. I made myself get up before 4 and I started my routine. I worked
when I couldn't sleep but I had to relax first. Had to do my thing before I lost
my shit again. I didn't want to find myself with Ant and Ryan running or
fighting or whatever mechanism they decided was best useful to pull me from my
misery. I tried not to think about Monday. Tried not to think about those blue
eyes that haunted me.

I was sitting at my bar flipping through files eating breakfast. Until my alarm
went off. I jumped a little which made Ophelia do that little giggling thing she
did when I did something funny. She sat on the bar lapping at milk she'd had
since breakfast - she waited till it warmed to her perfect temperature. Annoying
cat, I stuck my tongue out at her. "I'm going shopping. You want anything? How
about some dry boring cat food?"

She growled at me and arched her back. "What? I thought you might like the
change."

Her growl turned to a hiss. I reached across and rubbed her head. "I'll buy
extra cream so that Dad can have his Irish Coffee next week and you'll have all
that you want. Tuna sound good?"

"Mrowr."

"Good. I'll see you later. I don't want any mice left on my doorstep. You know I
hate that. And don't flush them down the toilet either." I shuddered at the
thought of the mess either of those make.

I didn't shop downstairs for food. The first reason was because there wasn't
really any good place, and two I preferred buying my items fresh. So I hit a
butcher, and a market and then I'd tackle the boxed stuff, but that was rare. I
didn't do much outside of fresh which is where most of my stipend went.

We didn't live like humans. I never paid a bill. If I wanted I would never have
to cook or buy groceries. But I wasn't like the Venatori either, I liked
cooking. Dorian paid for many lessons to get me out of his hair. And by the time
he actually came to care for me he spent the money because I wanted to doing
those things.

Downstairs I didn't see my blue eyed stalker and I wondered if he was going to
be a bad memory too. I headed to the butcher first, it wasn't far from the AU
building. The door bell tinkled as I walked in. There was a short line. "Hey
Arnold." I said as I moved to the cashier. The girl at the register walked back
into the cooler and grabbed a paper bag of my order already cut. "Thanks Lisa."
I handed her my card and she ran through the motions. I waved at Arnold, "Thanks
man."

"Hey Nox." Arnold called back before I opened the door. "Next week call ahead,
Lisa and I won't be here, so call in your order."

I sighed and stepped away from the door and made a note in my entry for the
change in schedule. When I was done I smiled and waved again, "Thanks Arnold."

I reached for the door and the person coming through ran into me. He was looking
down at his phone and all i could smell was a light citrus cologne that was
familiar. "Funny running into you here." I grinned.

He looked up and I saw those gorgeous blue eyes and that smirk. I couldn't help
biting my bottom lip looking into those eyes. "Boris, right?" No it was Bob
wasn't it?"

"Haha." I said. We stood staring at each other until someone else was behind him
wanting to get in.

I backed up and grabbed his elbow and tugged him off to the side out of the way.
I didn't want to interfere with Arnold's business. I couldn't stop smiling at
him. He'd been around everyday for the past few weeks. The kiss had been
electric - almost literally and now he runs into me. I tried to say something -
anything, but I couldn't think of anything to say. "I need to go get the rest of
my groceries."

Alex grinned. "I know."

"So you have been following me. Why?"

He laughed. "Why do you think?"

"Honestly, no clue. But I do need to get walking, you going to follow me there?"

"Why would I want to do that?"

I shrugged. "I don't know that either."

He peeked inside the bag I was carrying. "I might follow you home if you’re
cooking any of that."

I grinned at that, "You can walk with me and I'll cook dinner for you."

His eyes went wide and that smirked turned into a wry grin. "I suppose I could
endure that. But isn't lunch next?"

I headed out the door and hoped he'd follow. He did more than follow, he opened
the door for me. "How gentlemanly." I grinned at him. "I'll drop my groceries
off, go for a run then grab lunch on the way back. I could skip my run and cook
but …" I let the rest of the sentence go unspoken. I wasn't sure I wanted to
reveal all my dirty little secrets. Not that he wouldn't find out about my
obsessive nature. The compulsions that came with my mind. The need for
completely structured life usually drove people insane.

"Don't tell my you need to run off extra calories." He looked at his watch and
nodded. "I could think of other ways you could work off extra calories."

I was pretty sure my cheeks heated up and I shook my head and pulled my lips
into my mouth. What the fuck was wrong with me, acting like fucking school boy?

There was a spark in his eyes and that perpetual grin on his lips like he knew
what I was thinking. I don't know why I wanted to keep staring at him, but I
forced myself to look away and head down the street. He let out a soft noise,
like he was biting back a snort or laugh. Could he hear my thoughts? I racked my
brain to try to remember the last telepath I saw.

"All this food for your boyfriend?" he asked suddenly breaking the strained
silence and my search through my memories.

"I don't date." I blurted without really considering the things I was saying.

"So what was the other night, you were just looking for a quick fuck?"

I closed my eyes then quickly opened them to avoid walking into people. "I…"
Fuck. That's what it was, but it could have been more. I shrugged, "I'm sorry,
but yeah."

"So dinner is just a means to get in my pants?" He smirked. Though there was a
keen bite to his words.

"No." I shouted too loudly, the people walking past looked at me like I was
crazy. But I was crazy, here I was thinking about making him dinner, and now
he's accusing me of being a slag - however true it might be. I lowered my voice,
"No, I… It's just me cooking for you."

"So now you don't want to fuck me?" He feigned confusion.

I stopped and headed down an alley that was behind us. I just needed to sit down
for a second. I found a spot and rested my back against the wall. He'd followed
me and stood in front of me as I slid down the wall scraping my back on the
rough brick as my shirt and hoodie rode up in the back. I crouched on the ground
my head back against the wall with my eyes closed. "You drive me fucking nuts,
Alex."

"You remember my name?" He smirked.

"Of course I remember your name. How could I forget it?"

The smirk on his face was no longer humor, "I don't know, I've known people to
forget a lot of things in a short period of time."

I sighed. "Who ever wants to forget you is an idiot." I said as I hung my head
and breathed deeply through my nose and released through my mouth. A calming
technique… I hadn't been lying when I said he drove me nuts. My anxiety was
thick in my blood. I could feel it trying to harden every muscle to make me hurt
for wanting something.

There was a tiny voice in my head said, 'This isn't him. He'll be so jealous.' I
only had one thought left for that, 'he's the one who didn't show up.' But it
wasn't the truth completely. I knew Jace lied. I could tell by the way he told
me the story. I hated that he'd fucked things up then, but now looking back on
it he really fucked me over and for what - to keep me for himself? I sighed…
Asshole!

"You okay pretty boy?"

I nodded and stood up. "Yeah." I looked at him across the way, "Sorry. This is
me. Anxiety is my very own personal demon." I started walking away. I didn't
expect him to follow.

"I was only joking about the getting in my pants thing." He said as he caught up
to me. "But why don't you date?"

"I tried once. Guy used me. But he's not the reason, had a guy stand me up."

"I know that feeling." He growled. "No girlfriends?"

"Never. I'm not that into girls." I said.

"Really? So the dancing and sex on the dancefloor was just, what? Accidental?
You were dancing and accidentally fucked them too? Oops, sorry about that, my
dick just slipped in there,” he mocked.

I smirked, "Yeah? You think I could get away with that? Oops sorry, slipped!" I
rolled my eyes with a grin. "I admire women. I enjoy their body, their curves,
their softness. But I could never give my heart to a woman. No point in dating
her when I know for a fact I'd be miserable." I looked at him and winked, "And
they are missing my favorite part of the body."

He looked down and the look in his eyes made me laugh. "Yeah you got it." I
couldn't help the smile that split my cheeks. It almost hurt.

I nodded in the direction of the open market, "Got a few things here to pick
up."

Alex nodded, I knew he wanted to say I know, but he just pulled his lips in and
looked amused.

"Am I amusing you?" I asked playfully.

"You are." He stopped behind me, and the passing crowd behind him made him press
up against my back. I bit back the groan escaping my throat as I felt his body
heat so close. Was he getting hard like me?

The grocer in the stall smiled, "Hey Nox."

"Hey Mel. Got my order?"

She nodded her and her bright red hair fell in her eyes. "I do. I added some
apricots, nectarines and some summer squash that looked really good this
morning. And I found some fresh tuna down at the docks for Fee. She's been
mousing around the market."

I rolled my eyes, "So that's where she keeps getting them from. Stop encouraging
her. The last one flooded the bathroom."

Mel giggled. "She's just giving you presents."

I shuddered. "Please don't" The words escaped as I remembered I had a man
standing directly behind me, his fingers playing idly with the hem of my shirt
and his fingers stopped moving. I leaned back and whispered, "Wasn't talking to
you."

He laughed and shoved me playfully and walked away. I waved at Mel, "Thanks. You
did the usual?"

"ACH all the way baby. I'll see next week."

I caught up with Alex who was looking at the stall just past Mel's, "Do you
always have an order ahead of time?"

"I get the same thing every week with little variation." I confessed.

"Why?" He sounded like it was a horrible way to live.

I smirked and shrugged. "It's easier that way." Which wasn't a lie. I wasn't
ready to tell him I was a nutcase. He was going to find out eventually but not
right now.

I laughed, "Where to now?"

He looked at me a little lost. "You've been following me for weeks. So what do I
do next?"

He nodded, his eyes grew distant, like I had reminded him of something. "The
grocery store for things you can't get here I guess. You have everything else."
He didn't sound happy, nor playful and I sighed. I'd ruined the mood.

We walked through the market to Trader Joe's which was a few blocks from the AU
building in awkward silence. Fuck!

Alex snaked his fingers between mine and squeezed gently and I looked down as he
clasped his fingers around mine. "Why didn't you talk to me before?"

I shrugged. "I'd probably not be talking to you now if you didn't run into me."

"Why not? Too good for me?" he sounded offended - again.

I sighed. "Because you didn't look like you wanted company." I said pulling my
hand from his and walked in front of him through the door.

He followed a few paces behind me and I was grateful he didn't take my hand
again. I was just fucking this up and he was going to walk away anyway. It was
best to just end it now.

"You mean kinda like you look right now?" He retorted.

"I…" I sighed. "I like your company, but you seem to get annoyed at everything
so…" I let it trail off I didn't really have anything to add to it anyway.

"I'm sorry." He apologized, "You just remind me of someone. A bad memory."

I gave him a wry smile, "I know the feeling." I grabbed milk, heavy cream, two
cartoons, more coffee and eggs and then we headed for the checkout. I asked,
"You mind a late lunch, early dinner. I have friends coming over after the sun
goes down they'll play poker and try to get me to play with them, which you are
more than welcome to join, but I kinda want to cook for you just me and you."

"A date?"

I shrugged. "I wouldn't call it that." I didn't date. I just didn't do it. My
dream guy stood me up, but Dan had used me. I didn't want to put myself out
there. Specially not for a pair of ice blue eyes who drew my nightmares in.

"Sounds like a date to me." He smirked.

"Fine, call it a date. You wanna stop by at 3?" I asked hopefully.

Alex looked at his phone and nodded. "Yeah, I'll have to rearrange a client but
I can make three."

"Great." I bit my bottom lip. "I'm sure you have better things to do than follow
me around shopping. I mean you were walking into the butchers when you ran into
me."

"Ah fuck!" He growled then sighed. "See what you do to me?" He winked. "I'll see
you at 3 pretty boy." He leaned in and kissed my cheek and winked again before
he headed off the way we'd come.

I watched him go, fuck he was hot!Scene Break
 What's Your Name?

Blue eyes didn't turn around as he shouted his response. "Didn't I hear it was
your birthday? I should be the one buying you a drink." The music got louder as
we both headed to the bar. There were no stools on this side of the bar,
standing room only and we both pressed into the only opening available.

I bumped into the man standing next to me and he growled, "Watch it."

I looked over my shoulder, "Sorry, man. Was an accident."

The man rolled his eyes and stepped away from the bar with two full iced beer
mugs in his hand, "Just keep your … just stay away from me." I smirked at him.

I turned back to blue and smiled, "Least we have a little more room now." I said
taking a small step back. There was a perpetual smirk on his lips. "So who's
buying who a drink?" I asked.

"You're buying first." he said with confidence, "then we'll see where it goes
from there."

I grinned at him and nodded, "What are you having?"

"Whiskey, no ice."

I nodded and when my favorite bartender came over and I ordered my usual and my
friends whiskey he looked at me then at my friend and blinked several times. He
shook his head and his grin grew wider. "Did Max just lose another bet?" I
asked.

Drew slapped the bar, "Yea to me."

"What was it?" I asked.

He leaned in and whispered, "That you liked men too. Seems I won that one."

I nodded, "Drinks please?"

Drew laughed and made his way down the bar to get the high dollar whiskey which
I really couldn't afford. He set it down in front of blue eyes and winked at me,
"I'll comp this one since it's your birthday and you just won me some money."

"You know the owner?"

I shook my head. "We've met. I occasionally join them in the ring to let them
kick the shit out of me." It was the only time I didn't use my powers to help
out. They didn't hiit harder than I did, they weren't faster, so I didn't use it
to my advantage. And they won more often than not. And it was why I went, it was
a test of skill not power. And I always needed to be on top of my game.

"You box?" He asked.

I shrugged as I sipped my Sam Adams Irish Red. "I guess you could call it
boxing. I was never one for following one set of guidelines. I use what's best
for the situation."

"So more like MMA?" He grinned at me with those bright blue eyes shining. "I
haven't been in the ring in a few years."

"Maybe one day we'll go up against one another." I said, almost inviting him to
my monthly scheduled match up with Max and Drew.

"I haven't been in the ring for a while." he shook his head.

I leaned forward and whispered in his ear as he sipped at his whiskey, "I didn't
catch your name and while I love calling you blue eyes or the guy in the F word
t-shirt it's be so much easier to call our your name while you fucked me."

He laughed. "Pretty fucking sure of yourself pretty boy. Figure out my name and
maybe we'll get there."

I sighed with faked irritation. "Fine, alright. If we have to play \*\*that\*\*
game." I grinned at him. "You look like a Boris to me." I said as I finished my
beer and set it down on the bar for Drew to take away.

Someone squeezed in behind me and I stepped closer to my mystery game and
smiled, "Let's dance."

"I don't dance." He said rather flatly. He turned around and looked out into the
dance floor.

I stepped closer to him so close I was almost touching him. And it took every
fiber of my will to keep from doing so. I wanted to touch his hip. Pull him
against me. I wanted to press my face to his neck and take in his scent. But I
didn't. I kept a short distance between us. "You don't have to dance…" I
searched for a name, there was one on the tip of my tongue but I couldn't find
it so I called him something silly, "Bob."

He laughed. I could feel his chest moving even though I wasn't touching him. "So
you want me to just stand there?"

I shrugged. "If you wanted to. I think I can dance for the both of us if you let
me touch you."

"So now you are asking my permission?" he smirked, "Already kissed me and tried
to stick your tongue down my throat and now you ask?" He turned around and we
were so close to kissing again.

I bit my bottom lip and stared into his blue eyes. He was exactly my height it
made for an interesting dynamic and fucking would be…. I blinked and took a step
back. "Yeah, now I'm asking." I said and dropped my gaze. He might be making fun
of it or he might be angry. I didn't want to make the wrong choice.

He grabbed my hand and we walked out on to the dance floor. He was true to his
word, he didn't dance. He did sway and I danced around him, my fingers trailing
lightly across his arms, chest and back. He watched me until I was standing
behind him and I pressed myself against him. I groaned helplessly which pulled
his smirk into a smile. I entwined my fingers around his and used one hand to
press against his tight stomach. The other I waved about as I moved him with me.
He leaned against my chest and gave me some freedom in his movements.

The music was loud but the only thing I could hear was the sound of his heart
beating in his chest, and the breath in his lungs. His scent was comforting, a
slight citrus scent underneath the stench of the club.

I don't know when it happened. I was so lost in the moment but the next I was
leaning back against him one hand in his dark hair and the other behind his
neck. It was awkward and I was at his mercy, my body exposed to him. He had one
hand under my shirt pressing firmly against my stomach, his fingers lightly
tracing the muscled contours of my abs. The other was hooked into my jeans at
the button. His fingers hovering over my hard cock but never actually touching
me. I begged, "Touch me Alex."

"What?" He exclaimed in my ear jolting me out of my daze.

He reached back into his pocket and glanced at his phone. "Shit!" He said. "I
gotta go." He spun me around, "Why did you call me Alex?"

I shrugged still not exactly sure what had happened, "It felt right."

He narrowed his eyes and pulled in his lips and I could tell he was trying not
to run his fingers through his already mussed up hair. "You nailed it, without
even trying. I do gotta go." He leaned in and whispered placing something in the
front pocket of my hoodie. "Call me." He said as he slipped out of my reach and
off the dance floor. Leaving me staring after him. What the fuck just happened?


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMzA4NDY4NzYyXX0=
-->