#  Panic Attack

I made it back to my apartment just in time for my anxiety to hit full swing.
And as I opened the door Ophelia sat in front of the door with a fucking dead
mouse at her feet. "MotScene Break
 The Card

I patted the front pocket of my hoodie and pulled out the card he'd stuff in it.
I flipped it over and there was a number with a date and time printed on the
back, '6/19 3PM'. Ther fucker!" I said and shut my door on the cat and
walked away. I walked around the AU building. I wasn't paying attention and
walked straight into a solid mass.

ront was some game place out in Long Island City - a
thirty min train ride.

I tucked the card back in my pocket and walked in a daze back to the bar. This
time I ltI looked up and saw my father standing in front of me. "Boy…." He said before he
saw the look on my face. "What's wrong?"

I shook my head. "I don't want to talk about it."

Kai snorted. "That's a lie."

I sighed. "I have a date. My cat is bringing me presents and I can't deal with
it." I started pacing back and forth in the hall. "I'm just having issues
dealing right now."

Kai grabbed my shoulders and pushed me against a seat and Drew handed me another beer. "Seems he left you high and
dry, that's a new one."

I shrugged, "Seems about right to me." I said absently though I don't know why I
said it.

I walked home after I finished the beer. My birthday bash had turned into a good
flirting session but I had nothing left othe wall and I pushed him away
from me in a panic. "Careful kid."

"Don't ever do that. Not ever." I choked our than a flimsy piece of paper. No
friends, no fucking…

I didn't want to go home. It wt as I slid to the ground. I wrapped
my arms around my legs and dropped my head to my knees.

I could feel my father kneel down next to me, "What can I do to help?"

I rocked back and forth trying to calm down. "Get the mouse out of my
apartment."

"Really? You are afraid of a mouse?"

I shook my head. "Not afraid of it. It's a mess and I wasn't cable of dealing
with it."

"I don't think Ophelia likes me son."

I handed my dad my phone, "Call Dorian. Then we can spar."

"That I can do." He took my phone and stepped away from me to talk to Dorian.
Then he was back in front of me. "Dorian sailate, but I didn't want to go home and dream of
those eyes. I knew tonight was going to be hell. I didn't want to go to sleep.
So instead I opened up the door to the diner across the street from the AU
building. The door jingled a welcoming sound and the holler of "Be right with
you, take a seat anywhere" came from the back.

Bonnie wasn't on, but Sandra was and sd he'd get on it and you and me we
are going to spar."

My father lifted my by my elbow and I was on my feet in moments. I don't think I
walked more than my father dragged me down the hall and down two flights of
stairs and into a training room. They were one of my favorite rooms, the
weights, the big fighting area in the middle of everything. I wasn't the
strongest, he was just as sweet as Bonnie and a lot
younger. Though if I even dared touch her Bonnie would have my hide. So it was
just flirting.

I sat down in my normal booth in the back by the kitchen with my back to the
wall. I was probably the weakest of the Venatori. But I wasn't bottom
of the barrel. Though I still got the shit kicked out of me on a regular basis.
Usually by man in front of me.

He stretched and I followed him like I was in class, stretching what he did. For
the counts. The movements alone helped keep my mind off the problem off the
anxiety. I focused on my body, how it moved, why it moved. I felt each muscle
strain.

It wasn't yoga, but it was calming and relaxing. I watchcould see the whole place from here but no one could sneak up on me.

Sandra came out of the kitchen, "Where's your friends sweetie?"

"Stood me up." I grinned at her. "I'll have my usual."

"Alright, sweetie. Pumpkin pie and a black coffee coming right up." And since I
was the only customer it really was right up.

I sipped ast my father lithe
lean body stood up and he offered me a hand but I declined it and rose to my
feet unfolding from the prior stretch. "Show off." he said as he motioned to the
floor.

We danced around each other testing the waters before I attacked my father. My
feet bouncing forward and my right hand missing by a mile. My father was fast
for an old man. I taunted in my head. I would never say it to his face, he might
actually hurt me.

But I smirked and he asked, "What's so funny?"

I shook my head and tried again. He easily dodged. But my father was
predictable, and I had been practicing against vampires who were older and
faster than any Venatori. And to fight them I'd learned how to use my gifts all
of them. I threw three more punches at my father and let my gift do the work I
needed it to do. Patterns were everywhere. We thought in patterns, we worked in
patterns. They weren't perceptiblcoffee as I pulled the card from my pocket again and stared at
the handwritten side until my cup ran dry.

"A refill sweetie?" I nodded and she filled my cup when I set it on the table.

The pumpkin pie sat untouched while I pondered what it meant. Was this meant for
me? Did he give me the wrong card? It looked like a date.

I sighed and stuck the card in my back pocket and finished my pie. I glanced at
the time on my phone and left Sandra a good tip before I headed off into the AU
building to my room. I didn't want to go to sleep. Ophelia was curled up on her
pillow. She barely looked up at me before she se to your eyes, your mind necessarily but we
all did things in patterns. Some of us the patterns were seemingly random and
others like mine were completely observable by others. Psychologists recognized
these mental patterns. I saw them like pieces of a puzzle to be solved.

Another three misses and my father wove between the punches. But in doing so he
stopped watching my feet and I dropped to the ground and had him on his back in
a quick legod up and stood up and turned
her back at me. "Fine, I'm going for a run anyway." She meowed at me and then
went back to sleep.

I changed clothes and went for a run. I was going to do my fucking best to stay
awake. Tomorrow was saturday I'd end up at Armande's at night I needed to be top
of my game. A nap in the middle of the day should help, but there was no way in
hell I was going to swl sweep. I grinned down at my father. He stared up at me dazed. "I
knew that was coming."

"So why didn't you stop it?" I asked confused.

"Because it was one of many possible outcomes, one that rarely comes to pass so
I discarded it."

"You thought because I never win I wouldn't knock you on your ass now?"

Kai smirked as he sat up and rested his elbows on his knees as he leaned forward
and caught his breath. "No. now. I didn't want to dream of the blue eyed demon. I
didn't want to see his eyes beating me. I didn't want to remember either of them
that way. I wish I could have seen his face…

I was back in my room before 4am. And I started my morning routine but I started
with a cup of coffee.

And by 8am It was one ofstaring atIt was one of a thousand different variations. It
was the only one in which you went low."

"I only went low because you weren't really moving, you were dodging me. But you
seemed to forget your lower body."

"I never understand your gift. Some days it's like you are blinded by the
patterns of things, and others you welcome ie card Alex had given me. His name was like a
distant memory. Like I should know it, but didn't. He had bolted after I'd said
his name. I wondered if he wanted me to call him or not. I'd only ever called
one man back, and Dan had tried to use me. I didn't wt and see past the problems and use
it to your advantage."

I laughed. "I always uses it to my advantage. It's those changes in the patterns
that make me crazy." I said. "A mess deviates from those patterns. Changes make
tt to put the one
experience up against the others but I had shit luck with guys. Why would this
be any better?

But I dialed the number. The phosnhose patterns look wrong. So what I see and what is, are two different things.
I can tune out only so much."

"You are… were.. In the middle of a panic attack and you used those patterns."

"When the patterns are in alignment it's comforting - calming. You father are
predictable. Maybe not on an observational level, but your movements follow a
pattern. You never deviated once from those patterns. You flow and follow with
them."
icked up and a groggy and curt voice
answered, "What?"

"Ah."I glanced at the clock on the wall. "Fuck. Sorry, I didn't realize the
time. I'll call back later."

"Nox?" He asked. "No, I just laid down it's alright, what do you want?"

"You told me to call. I didn't mean to call so early."

"So why don'tid
"So why don't you calways win?" He asked.

I smiled. "Because you are faster, and stronger and I can't react fast enough
when I go on the defensive. Offense is easier."

"The old adage, the best defense is a good offense?"

I nodded. "Pretty much."

"Are you feeling better?" Kai asked as hl?" I could hear the smirk on his voice.

"Right. Uh. The card you gave me, obviously your number but there's a date and
time on it, did you need it for something?"

He snorted. "That's why you called?"

"You told me stood up.

"I am. Thank you."

"I'm sure Dorian is through with your mouse problem."

I grinned. "I could probably handle it now." I took a deep breath. "I think."

"Let's not risk it Nox. I'm not sure I could take another fall like that one.
These old bones and all." He smirked at me with a wink.

"Did I say something in one of your playthroughs."

"You called me an old man."

I grinned. "I called you one in my head."

And my father punched at me an."

"Do you always do what you are told?"

I smirked myself, "Usually. But I wasn't sure you meant this for me. Did you
give me the right card, it's for a game complex out in Long Island city."

"It is, isn't it. I'll see you there at 3 on Monday." He said then the phone
went dead.

What the fuck! He just hung up on me. Wait? Did whe started anew.
just ask me out? Fuck!d we started anew.

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE0ODc1Nzk1MTUsMTMwOTQwMjY0MV19
-->