#  Elevator

In the elevator I pushed myself up against the back wall, we'd be going up a
while and there was always a lot of stop. Alex stood next to me. I wanted to
stare at him to keep my mind off other elevator but I didn't I clamped my eyes
shut to keep from seeing where we were going even though I felt the upward
movement and knew exactly how things went.

"I'm guessing you don't like elevators." Alex said in my ear.

"Fear of heights. Among other things." I said.

Alex chuckled, "Like what?"

I opened my eyes and turned to look at him, he was right thereScene BreakThe Ritual

 sat on the sofa where I'd been when I had called Alex. Now, I sat trying toatch my breath. What the hell had just happened. Did I have a date? The first
n over 4 years. Fuck only the third I'd actually been on? Really.

y heart was beating so fast I thought it might crash through my ribcage any
econd. I closed my eyes thought about the things in my sa in my space, we
were so close I could kiss him with a puckering of my lips. "Heights, flying,
needles, clowns."

Alex laughed. "Clowns? Some tragic circus death? High flying trapeze frtment, five things I
ould see - my orange peach striped comforter, Ophelia lying on her pillow, the
ew York City skyline on my wall,all to his
death."

I grinned. "No nothing like that."

"So tell me why are you afraid of clowns, Nox?" He asked so seductively I had to
look away. Whyhere was the seasons tree on the opposite
all, and the book I was I bereading so fucking shy?

But looking away was wrong. I saw how high we wereitting on the top off the ground and my heart
leapt into my throat and I leaned forward and buried my head against his
shoulder without a thought. I jerked away realizlass table top of my
offee table in front of me.

our things I'd done what I might do
with Dorian or Ant. "Sorry." I mumbled.

He looked at me with something in his eyes. I didn't know what emotion. But he
grabbed my by the belt loops of my shorts and pulled me close. "It's okay." He
wrapped his arms around me and I felt safe. He smelled safe - that soft citrus
scent was home. It was the same scent I kept around the apartment. Margo used
apples and ocean scents, but at home it was some could hear, the sound of my breath in my lungs, the pounding of my
eart, the steady hum of the runic magic that made my place what it was and the
low steady drip of the kitchen sink. Fee must have nudged the handle again as
he scaled the counters.
hree thingsthing I'd just started doing
when I got my own place. And Dorian was cinnamon and sugar. It made me wonder
how much he'd learned about me. If this was coincidence or planned.

Alex's arms around me pulled me closer and he whisper could touch - the rough texture of my jeans, the smooth glass of
he table, and the stiff stringy hair of Ophelia as she climbed intoed in my ear, "Stop
shielding so hard."

I dropped my shield and I felt a lap. My
ingers automatically moving along her spinew thought. It wasn't pervasive, just a little
nudge. *Nothing will happen. I'm safe*. I knew it wasn't my thought. But I let
my mind dwell on those few words. They were comforting. The arms aro her ears where she loved to be
cratched.

wo things I could smell. Coffee brewing and the lingering smell of bacon from
esterday's breakfast.

ne thing I counlund me were
safe. He was the embodiment of safe…

The elevator dinged and there was a tap on my shoulder. I turned to see Dae'lin
nod towards the numbers on the elevator. I smiled at her. "Thanks." I unfurled
from Alex, "My floor." I said to him taking his hand as we left the elevator.

"Who was that?" He asked.

I started down the corridor of many doors. "Dae'lin. My boss and my former
mentor."
taste - coffee. I really needed another cup of coffee. I
hifted Fee to the side and stood up and walked into my kitchen. I turned the
aucet off and the dripping immediately stopped - while it had been a good sound
 moment ago it would drive me nuts soon. I poured another cup of coffee and
tarted another pot. I had a lot to do and I didn't want to run out of coffee.

!--stackedit_data:yJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTEyMzkwNTM1MDVdfQ==->
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTg2OTkwNjMwOSwxNDUzMDA1MTY5XX0=
-->