#  Linner? Lupper? Hell… Food!

"Another question. What's with all these doors?" We walked farther down the
hallway before he added. "You live in a fucking closet?" He asked dumbfounded.

"You'll see." The rune on my door started to light up when I got near mostly
because I willed it so, so Alex could see it. I touched the door and it pushed
open, no key, no lock. Magic. And it opened into my studio apartment - all the
space I ever needed.

Alex took a step back and looked. "A fucking TARDIS?"

I grinned, "If by that you mean it's bigger on the inside - yeah. TARDIS fits."

Alex shook his head and stepped in. The toilet flushed and his eyes immediately
swung to the bathroom. I watched him as Ophelia sauntered out of the bathroom on
her four feet with her scruffy grey fur. She stopped and looked up at him with
her yellow eyes and blinked. She stared at him for what seemed like forever then
turned her head and walked back to the bed and jumped up on to \*\*my\*\* pillow
and laid down.

I growled at her. "Fee…" She stood up, lifted her tail and ass straight up
snubbing me then curled back on my pillow.

"Your cat alright?"

"Ophelia is fine, other than being ornery why?"

Alex shook his head, black locks falling in front of his eyes. I wanted to push
them back but instead I kicked my shoes off then walked around the bar to the
kitchen to check on my roasting vegetables. "No reason. She just looks a little
mangy."

"That's just the way her coat is. She's a Lykoi - a werewolf cat, she doesn't
have an under coat, so it's all coarse hair and thin."

Alex smirked, "A Venatori with a werewolf cat as a pet. I bet that gets all
sorts of laughs by your peers."

I shrugged. "My peers don't come into my apartment very often. Or at all.
Drink?" I asked. "I have water, wine, I think I have a beer or two in there from
last week and coffee."

"You're the one cooking you tell me."

"Beer?"

He shrugged. I looked in the fridge and actually had more than a few, apparently
Ant and Ryan left more than usual. They'd restock later tonight so everyone
could get good and lubricated on their night off. I took two bottles out and
popped the tops with a little air and handed one to Alex then started prepping
the steak for our eats.

"So aren't you afraid some Venatori is going to kill you 'cause you are breaking
some sort of law talking to me about magic?"

I laughed. "Obviously you know about magic at least enough to know what I am,
and that we have magic. So no, not really. Besides you're a path. From what I
can tell you are a telepath." I said but never looked up from the steak I was
applying salt and pepper to.

"So why am I not dead if you know what I am?"

"Why would I kill you? Have you done something wrong?"

"No."

"Are you planning on doing something wrong?" I asked playfully with a wink.

He smirked at me. "You think highly of yourself and your skills don't you."

"I got you to my apartment didn't I?"

He looked around. "If magic can make this, why do you have a studio apartment?
Why not a mansion?"

"This is all the space I need." I shrugged and looked up as I dropped the steak
in the hot pan. "And it's all it's programmed to do right now. I could scale it
a little, make it a proper one bedroom within the parameters of the rune's
programming, but that's more space for me to freak out over."

"What do you mean?"

"It's more space I have to keep organized. I don't spend a lot of time here
other than sleeping so why do I need more room."

"You have no TV, I guess you really don't spend any time here. Friends or your
boyfriends?" He asked.

"When I was younger I used to spend time in front of the television, but now I'd
rather read a book in my down time. It's more relaxing. Not that I have a lot of
down time."

"Killing monsters has to be a full time job."

"I don't kill monsters." I said.

"You're a hunter aren't you?" Alex asked as he sat down in Fee's stool. She
didn't even bother moving or looking but she tensed and I knew she knew. But she
let it go as she snubbed us both.

"I am. But I don't kill unless I absolutely have to."

"This some new trial the Venatori are doing?" He smirked. "Like, let's see how
well this goes over."

I shook my head. "No. Just me being me. You've obviously been following me, so
you have to know I have friends who aren't exactly human or Venatori."

"You don't seemed bothered by this knowledge?" Alex polished off the last of his
beer with a slight grimace.

"Maybe I like hot guys following me around?" I took his empty bottle and tossed
it in the can next to the sink, "Another?"

"I'm good." He leaned on to the counter, "Or are you trying to get me drunk so
you can take advantage of me."

I grinned at him. "I don't need you drunk to do that."

"So you just gonna take me here, now?"

"I might."

He smirked at me, "I'd like to see you try."

"Maybe after dinner." I said. "Or is it Linner?"

"Lupper?" Alex offered helpfully.

"After we eat." I grinned setting the perfectly cooked steak to the side to rest
and finish up the rest of the meal.

"You might want to move to the couch while we eat, or Fee might steal your
steak. You are in her seat."

"Your cat? You let your cat eat at your table?"

"I don't really have a choice. She's gonna do it regardless of what I say so why
fight it."

"And she's toilet trained?"

I laughed. "Yeah. There was a litter box. And there was little dust balls and
sand scattered across my floor and I think I had a panic attack for three weeks
until we negotiated the terms of her surrender."

"How'd that go?" Alex was hiding his laugh.

"Yeah, I know, pussy whipped!" I grinned at Alex. "She agreed. And I agreed she
can do just about anything else she wants except move things around. Which she
still does." I sighed. "But I deal. I have a problem with sand."

"You said it not me!" His smirk seemed to be permanently etched on his face and
I couldn't help my reaction I bit my bottom lip. "I can work with the beach for
a short time, but I need a shower before I can function properly again."

"So no beach." Alex looked almost sad.

"No, I can do the beach. I like the beach. I just need to clean up afterwards."

It didn't seem to make him any happier but I pulled the wine out of the fridge
and popped the cork poured two glasses and before I could grab the plates Alex
was picking them up and carrying them to the coffee table. "You usually eat
here?"

I nodded and picked up Fee’s smaller plate to follow him. "When I have company.
Fee really doesn't like anyone sitting in her seat and it's just easier to avoid
the eventual fight you'll be having with her."

I set the plate and glasses down and cut a piece off my steak and continued to
cut into smaller pieces for Fee. "Does your cat always eat with you?"

"Yeah. She does. It's a family thing I guess. Ophelia is a unique cat." I said
proudly as I transferred the meat to Fee’s plate along with a few small
vegetables..

"You mean more unique than looking like a werewolf?" He asked as she strolled
over to join us, sniffing at the plate and giving me a ‘please explain’ look
over the vegetables.

"Yeah. She's possessed."

"Possessed?" Alex asked before he took a bite of his steak. Drool left the side
of his mouth and I couldn't help the smile that radiated from me. I reached
across the space between us and wiped the dripping juices from his cheek. "Holy
fuck!" he said. "You always cook like this?"

I shrugged. "Yeah."

"Do all Venatori cook like you?"

"Hardly. I learned from a top rated chef when I was a kid."

"Is there anything you can't do? Hunt monsters, make statues, cook?" Alex said
before he fed himself another forkful of steak grabbing a roasted sweet potato
with it.

"Don't forget the running from clowns, crying in elevators and cleaning hordes
of sand and being pussy whipped by a cat." I smirked at him.

Ophelia meowed behind us in agreement. "You can be quiet, Fee. Or I'll eat all
the leftovers."

Alex smirked, "Do you always have conversations with your cat?"

I nodded. "Fee knows all my secrets."

"Oh really?" He grinned and looked back over the couch. "Ophelia, you and I need
to have a little chat."

"Good luck with that. She's a brat."
Scene Break
 Vampires, Werewolves and Venatori , Oh My

I busied myself with work on my laptop. Dae'lin had me doing research on several
other cases. She never told anyone who was doing the research or how some of the
intel was found. And she never told them when I had interfered. But I had
connections no other Venatori had. My father of course knew and he had me
looking into his vampire case. He and Emilio were supposedly the resident
vampire experts and yet they knew nothing of the vampires living in New York
much less the ones that lived around the world. But I never told him that, he
didn't want to hear that information.

My father was stopping over for an mid morning meal. It was breakfast for him,
he would just be waking me. I'd been up since last night so I'd eaten once
already, but my apartment still smelled like bacon as I cooked another batch and
made a few eggs. Normally I'd just scramble them and add vegetables as I went.
My dad didn't really like green things so I opted for sunny side up which he
preferred with some toast and bacon. I still had some bread left over from Sage
stopped by earlier in the week to catch up.

Kai Viddens knocked and then the door opened immediately. He was polite if
anything as he walked into my apartment carrying a bottle of irish whiskey. "I
figured we could have Irish Coffee this morning?"

I looked at the clock. "I guess it's 5 o'clock somewhere." I took it from him,
"You know I don't drink."

"You'll have a beer with me but not whiskey?"

"I have two beers at most. Anything more and I'll spiral into a self made hell I
don't want to think about." I said as I poured coffee into a mug and added some
brown sugar and stirred my father's coffee until it was all dissolved, added the
whiskey and some heavy cream, normally he'd want whipped but this was all I had.
Ophelia was looking at me like I'd done something sacrelious using her cream for
my father. I emptied the last of it into her bowl and set it in front of her
chair to appease her. She still glared at me while she lapped at the silky
treat.

"That's all the cream I have." I said as I handed my father the drink.

While I had been on my first hunt everyone told me how much I looked like my
mother. But the only resemblance I ever saw was the eyes of my father. It was
like staring into a mirror with those eyes.

Kai sat down on the couch and started pulling out reports he'd had over the past
week. It wasn't necessarily a morning ritual, but this was how Kai spent time
with me. We still struggled with personal time but we did better when it was
between just him and me in my apartment.

Kai was jealous of my relationship with Dorian (and Marco). And he tended to
take it out on me, we fought more often than not but this was the one time we
got along.

I set a plate of food on the coffee table for Kai and fed Ophelia some bacon
before I sat down with my own plate of bacon and eggs. I wasn't really hungry
but I always ate with Kai.

"What do you have here?" I asked before lifting a forkful of eggs to my lips.

Kai was sipping at his coffee, then adding more whiskey to it. He was a lush and
a half, but no one ever said it to his face. But then again so was Dorian, his
poison was a good wine. Though Kai said he didn't drink too much, but he was
like his father in that regard. I'd learned through the grapevine that Kai's
mother died early and that his father was a drunkard. It's hard to be an
alcoholic Venatori where it's detrimental to your mind and system but his father
was. Kai wasn't that bad, but he drank way more than he should. Iris was always
getting on to him about it.

My father pushed a few papers towards me. "You remember that vampire nest that
took me by surprise about five years ago?"

I sighed, "Yeah I can't forget it."

Kai looked at me with a frown. "Regret saving your old man?"

I shook my head, "No, it's not that." I didn't want to talk about it.

Kai put his hand on my shoulder then took a deep breath. "Right, well I think
they were incited. There has been a large influx of vampires."

"Not only vampires. The rogue pack has been seeing a lot of newcomers and the
CCB ranks are growing exponentially. The residential units here in the AU
building are being swamped too, we are running out of rune stoned room and there
is a program starting for extra stipend money for anyone who wants to move out
into the normal world."

"Are you thinking about it?" Kai asked me, his hand fell to the table from my
shoulder and he picked up papers and rummaged through them.

"I hadn't thought about it."

Kai smiled. "I think you should. Think about it that is. The decision is yours."

"I know it's mine." I said with more venom that needed.

Kai sighed. "Not that I don't like seeing you here. I just think you'd be more
comfortable out there. In the real world, than in here where every look is one
of distrust. You know they think of you as one of them. Waiting for you to screw
up so they can take you out."

I grinned at my father. "I know. But I don't screw up."

"They'll find a way one day Nox. You know that right? You shake things up. I
don't know how many times the council has asked me to rein you in."

"What did you tell them?" I asked.

"The truth," Kai laughed. "I have no control over what he does or does not do.
It'd be like telling the rain to stop falling, or the sun to stop rising."

I grinned. "Are you comparing me to natural phenomenon?"

Kai laughed, "Don't let it go to your head son." He tapped the papers in front
of him, "What do your people say is causing this influx?"

I shook my head, "Nothing. Though I imagine Il Cane would have something to say
if she'd every sit still long enough for me to ask. She's all over right now,
quelling things keeping people in line."

"The vampires are restless here too."

I laughed, "The vampires here are good compared to elsewhere, Kai. Ant has tight
control on all vamps in the 5 boroughs."

"I thought Desmond Vallejo was Master here?" He asked.

I grinned at my father's question, more because he had actually listened to me
than I thought his question funny. "Desmond is Master, but Ant is Prince. Even
though the vamps that haven't sworn fealty to him he has a modicum of control
over. Not having childe of his own has amped his power base, and being that he's
mostly Primeval bloodline gives him a larger edge over Desmond. New York City
belongs to Ant because he extends his will out to all vampires. The ones you and
Emilio hunt are those who are typically high in necromancy and Ant can't control
as well."

"Master, Prince, what's the difference?"

"Power, Dad, power. It's the difference between you and Mark Green." I said.

"You mean you and Mark Green."

I grinned, "Technically we are the same level."

"Fuck that Nox, I've seen you do amazing things with your power, you can't tell
me Mark Green is your equal."

"I didn't make the rules."

"You could be ruler now."

I smirked. "Yeah. I can see that now. Walk up to a council meeting, alright
everyone… wait where is everyone? Yeah they'll listen to me."

"They wouldn't have a choice Nox. If you were to challenge Mark Green right now
you'd win."

I sighed, "And I'd have to take a life to do it. Just let the powers that be
play their game, I don't want to lead this fucking mess."

Kai shook his head, "If it's such a mess then why not fix it."

"I can't manage to get people to understand that a werewolf who just turns
doesn't know what they are doing, or that a fledgling vampire doesn't have
refined control and that these babies need to be taken care of not killed. What
makes you think I could say this is the way it's going to be."

"You saw how people reacted when you healed me. Nox, they just need an example
to follow. In the past five years they have a team of venom Magnus who do
nothing but wait to be called in to save peoples lives. It's not as easy as when
you do it, but there is no other Cesari old enough to do it."

Kai laughed. "The only potential Cesari are like 5. I think Emilio said Dorian
has a whole class of them 6 or 7 kids who have the potential to be more. You
should go visit them, see what you see. Dorian's always going on about the
things you see."

"Since when have you been getting along with Dorian."

Kai sighed. "I've made a point to sit down with him like I sit down with you to
understand the relationship. And like with you I get fed. Having a chef for a
husband has its perks I suppose."

"I should go, we still on for our weekly spar later this afternoon?"

I nodded. "Yep. I'll be there to get my ass kicked as usual." It was the other
time my father and I got along, when he was kicking the shit out of me on the
ring floor.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNjY4NTk2NjU2XX0=
-->