#  Me v Anxiety

It was also instantaneous that I lost my very awesome steak into the nearby bin
that was placed there just for that occasion.

Ant was shaking hisScene Break
 Vampire Rumors

The remainder of the day I spent in the archives gathering all the fucking paper
files on all the cases I wanted to see. Annabel Dowager that occasion.

Ant was shaking hisd delivered a list of
case numbers to Dae'lin and I head while I used the back of my hand to wipe my mouth. I
headed for the bathroom to brush my teeth. It had been one of the first things
I'd done after Ant brought me here through the shadows the first time. No matter
how many times I shadow walked I threw up unless my stomach was empty. Which it
rarely was.

Ant left the same way he came in. I didn't ask where he was going or when he was
coming back. He just would be. Until then I'd do some yoga. I laid on the floor
in corpse pose just listening to my heart and my breathing. I could feel it
slowly coming down with each breathe. I didn't always just lay there, but today
I felt like it was perfect. Lying in an mostly empty room nothing but me and the
room.

I knew it wasn't empty. I felt and smelled Ryan come in. Unlike a vampire he
smelled like life growing from the decay of a dead tree. He was life amongst the
dead. He stood at the edge of the mat watching me. "Enjoying the show?" I asked.

Ryan chuckled, "Usually it's a little more bendy. More ass in to retrieve them manually from the Archives.
This would be so much easier if it was all on the computer instead of just the
case file numbers and their location in the Archives.

Not that I minded going to the archives, I enjoyed seeing Mrs. Vega but she
hadn't been on duty - it was Saturday after all and she and the Vega's had their
weekly eat at Mom's dinner where she cooked all day. It was her one day off
during the week. I envied the Scrin, they got a day off during the week. Hunters
didn't. We got off when the case was over, and until the next one started. For
csoming back. He just would be. Until then I'd do some yoga. I laid on the floor
in corpse pose just listening to my heart and my breathing. I could feel it
slowly coming down with each breathe. I didn't ale, it was weeks to even months of do nothing time.

I couldn't sit still that long, so Dae'lin had a backlog of cases for me to look
at between assignments. Some of them were cold cases, some of them were on
going, some of them were even solved. But Dae'lin was diligent in making sure
all her is were dotted and her ts crossed so I checked over to make sure there
wasn't something bigger going on.

Saturday night I took a break and went to see Armande. He ways just lay there, but today
I felt like it was perfect. Lying in an mostly empty room nothing but me and the
room.

I knew it wasn't empty. I felt and smelled Ryan come in. Unlike a vampire he
smelled likea blind vampire
who ran a safe house in Harlem. His safe house wasn't just for vampires in need
of sanctuary, but any supernatural creature who wanted a safe judgement free
place to lay low. It was under Il Cane's protection and Armande was her conduit.
He was an old vampire, lifke growing from the decay of a dead tree. He was life amongst the
dead. He stood at the edge of the mat watching me. "Enjoying the show?" I asked.

Ryan chuckled, "Usually it's a littldawning of mankind old. He was one of The First
vampires ever embraced. But he wasn't powerful enough to be a master much less
rule his own bloodline.

But Armande was a good man. He helped those who needed helping and he kept the
Harlem vampires in line by sheer force of will. He had eyes and ears everywhere
and if you bit a human you weren't supposed to he knew, and Il Cane more bendy. More ass in  one of
her ilk would hunt you down dead. New York City was run withe air."

I sat up and stared at him. "I needed to just chill and focus."

"That bad?"

I nodded. "Same rules?" changing the subject.

"Same rules." Ryan said kicking off his shoes and joining me on the mat.

We danced around each other for the better part of an hour, trading blows but
never really beating the other one down. It was a game of sorts. Ryan wanted me
to talk but I didn't want to so we spared - what little we actually did.

By the time Ant came back Ryan and I were grappling with one another. "What you
didn't wait for me?" Ant chimedn in when he walked onto the matt.

He smelled like cheap perfume and I had a wave of jealousy. It wasn't because it
was Ant with another woman, the scent was familiar. LIke a dream had washed over
me and all I could see was green.

Ryan got in a good punch to my jaw and I feron fist. But
unlike pack, the vampires didn't have to check in. The relatively low vampiric
crime rate drew vampires here like crazy - most figuring that the city had to be
teaming with ripe humans to take out that no one would notice them. They learned
the hard way and those were the ones the Venatori hunted down and killed. So
much for not noticing.

Armande sat in his arm chair facing the boarded up window like he was watching
the sun set. "I smelled you coming from a mile away."

"Are you that hungry?" I asked playfully from the doorway.

Armande laughed, "You are the vampire's bacon, Feras." He said lovingly,
caressing the slur to soften the blow. He meant it only in wthen he walked onto the matt.

He smelled like cheap perfume and I had a wave of jealousy. It wasn't because it
was Ant with another woman, the scent was familiar. LIke a dream had washed over
m nicest of ways.
Most of my so called contacts called me Feras lovingly. It was their way of
showing respect while showcasing the fact I was still Venatori.

"Great I'm fatty and delicious." I smirked. "I'll agree to half that. Though no
one cand all I could see was green.

Ryan got in a good punch to my jaw and I resist bacon." And in that statement I was holding out my wrist for
Armande.

He was one of two vampires I fed on a regular basis. Armande bit into my wrist
with a sharp pin prick feoll backwards lowed by and ing on my ass. Ryan
and Ant were both squatting over me making sure I was alright. "I'm okay." I
said.

"You don't look alright." Ant said.

"I'm fine."

"Uh huh. That's why you are here. Because you are alright. You asked me not to
bite you."

"Actually I didn't. You figured that out on your own." I smirked as I sat up.

"Yes, but you would have asked if you'd been feeling alright"

Ryan interrupted, "What happened, Nox? Really, you were doing alright until Ant
walked in."

I shook my head. "An old memory. I don't know. Overwhelming jealousy."

"Because I fed on someone else… Nox." Ant sighed. "You know…"

I reached up and laid a finger across Ant's lips. "It wasn't because you fed on
someone else, it was an old memory. I don't remember having it. But all I saw
was green. I was jealous and I don't know why but it wasn't you. I swear."

Antense rush of lust and desire that in
seconds toned down to something enjoyable, more like a soft kiss than all out
good fucking - which was how Ant always bit me. He had no choice, he wasn't in
control of the incubus side of his nature. One of the side effects of being born
to an embraced vampire.

Armande released my wrist and I felt the marks on my wrist heal almost
instantaneously. I rarely had to apply elements to those small marks now, they
sort of just happened. Like my entire body willed those elements there. But it
didn't work on my night time visitor's lashes I had to do that on myour own." I smirked as I sat up.

"Yes, but you would have asked if you'd been feeling alright"

Ryan interrupted, "What happened, Nox? Really, you were doing alright until Ant
walked in."

I shook my head. "An old memory. I don't know. Overwhelming jealousy."

"Because I fed on At
least I wasn't scarring anymore than I already was.

He licked his lips and smiled at me. It was creepy with my blood on his lips. He
knew it too. "What can I do for you today?"

"Tell me about any dragons in your neighborhood."

"Dragons…" Armande stood up and paced back and forth in front of the boarded up
window. "I have one here, but he keeps to himself. His neighbors complain about
the smell. I don't know what kind of dragon he is but he puts off an awful
odor."

"Dragons tend to someone else… Nox." Ant sighed. "You know…"

I reached up and laid a finger across Ant's lips. "It wasn't because you fed on
someone else, it was an old memory. I don't remember having it. But all I saw
was green. I was jealous and I don't know why but it wasn't you. I swearll like the kind of dragon they are. Usually something
burning, burnt or just about to burn."

Armande nodded, "Definitely smells like that."

"Anything else?" I asked.

Armande pace increased with each step, soon it was just a blurred moment across
the window. He stopped dead in his tracks and turned to me. "There are
rumblings. But nothing more than more dragons in town than ever before."

AntI nodded,. "This guy has you wound tight."

"He doesn't. You remember before we met."

Ryan laughed, "Him? Again."

"Alex reminds me of him. The same blue eyes. He feels like home to me. And it's
scarHow are the babies all doing?"

Armande smiled, "Wonderfully well. I had to send one to Il Cane to relocate. He
refused to follow the rules and I was tired of dodging your father."

I smirked. "My father thinks the vampires are being incited by someone or
something. More so than usual."

"You mean like hsome to me. And it's
scaone is deliberately bringing the fuck out of him I think." I sighed. "I've freaked out twice in front
of him and that's just today. I do my fucking best not to do that in front of
people."

"Except us." Ryan laughed.

"You aren't going to judge me. Think less of me." I whined.

"We already think less of you." Ryan joked. "I mean, come on." He grabbed my
bicep and squeezed,"So puny."

"One more round then I need to go home." I said.

Ant sood up and offered me his hand which I gratefully took. And then we were
off fighting a three way fight. The same as always. It was the sport of it all.m here to cause problems?"

"Or just pushing them to do something they shouldn't."

Armande put his pale hand to his chin and rubbed the stubble that no longer
grew. Hair and nails no longer grew once you became undead contrary to popular
belief. They are no longer the corpses of their human death. However it could
'grow' back if you cut it off. Your cells took on a property of cohesion and to
heal itself those properties were all left in tact. "I have heard no rumblings,
but I will get with the rest of the clans and see if they've heard anything."

"I appreciate it." I said. "It's been a pleasure as always Armande." I said.

Ant sood up and offered me his hand which I gratefully took. And then we were
off fighting a three way fight. The same as always. It was the sport of it all.have
things to do. Next Friday?"

"This was the only Saturday of the year you make available for me, Feras. Why
would I change now. Friday it always is."

I grinned. "Thank you for understanding."

"If I hear anything dire, I will send word via my Prince."

"Lovely Armande. Thank you." I smiled before walking out of his humble abode.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbOTE0ODk3ODgzXX0=
-->