#  A Puppet

The last match lasted an hour. Ant won - he always won. But that was mostly
because he had more advantages over Ryan and I. Ant walked me home the normal
way. He didn't try to make me chat. He didn't push just walked with me. Ant
walked with me up the stairs. "You know, I think I get more exercise knowing you
than I did in the 800 years before."

I grinned. "It's good for you. Keeps that heart rate up."

"Yeah, like I need that." Ant laughed.

"Thanks."

Ant clapped my on the shoulder, "No thanks necessary. We are always here for
you."

"You know they say I'm Il Cane's puppet." I sighed.

"I had heard that rumor." Ant smiled. "Mother finds it amusing. She once said
that I followed on your heels so I could have that notoriety."

"You follow me?" I laughed.

"I think it's funny as well. But I have followed you. Mother says it's some kind
of sick obsession. But I think it has more to do with the power I drank the
first time."

I grinned. "You only like me for my power. I see how it is."

Ant grinned and draped his arm around me as we headed out the door of the
landing of my floor. "Oh there is more to you than power I like."

"I'd say it's my body but you've not seen me naked."

"Oh I've seen enough to know you don't have the curves I love."

I laughed. "Thank you."

He grinned at me. "Of course. I do love the banter most of all. The only one who
gets me better than you is Ry, and that's only because we've known each other so
long."

I shrugged. "I'm just good that way."

"Ry, enjoys when you come around as well. Mother lets him hang out more these
past five years since we met you. You've changed our lives, Nox."

"You've changed mine too." I said. "I have a job to do in the morning, therapy
and then a date."

"Don't stress over it, Nox."

"I'll try."

"You want me to stay? Keep the nightmares away?"

I shook my head. "I don't think you spending the night is any better than you
biting me. Let's keep it normal friends not what we are till Alex gets used to
things."

"You think he will?" Ant asked as he closed the door behind me. Ophelia hissed
at him and he hissed back. Fee hissed louder and Ant growled baring his fangs at
her.

Ophelia archerd her back then leaped at Ant and the vampire caught her with one
hand then pulled her close and nuzzled her against the neck. Fee purred louder
than she did when Sage picked her up. Fee loved my friends. I think it was
because I trusted them.

Ant blew me a kiss then set Fee down on the counter. "Give her some milk for me.
Call me if you need anything Nox."

"Thanks again." I said as I went to the fridge to get Fee a bowl of warm milk.
Ant spoiled her and I might as well do what she liked. It made things a little
more bearable.

