#  The Tattoo

Sleep came sans blue eyes but the red never failed to haunt me. I was up and
going and looking through the files that Ms. Dowager had delivered to me while I
was gone to Ant's. The files were stacked high on my counter blocking any use of
the counter except for a small spot for Fee which I'd put her milk in without
really seeing things last night. I worked at the couch while I ate my breakfast.
I had an appointment at 9:30 there was no point going into the office.

And all the files where here anyway. There were a lot of dragon cases over the
past few years. From all over the world.

I flipped through one with a dragon breathing fire from his mouth in Germany. I
couldn't read the article the picture was in but I didn't need to I saw the
dragon shadow in the picture and the face was clearly human as fire shot out of
his mouth like some parlor trick on the street.

Another one in Australia with the same basic MO. There were three in the US in
the past three years and all of them had video attached. I combed through each
video looking for anything of note. And that's when I saw it. The tattoo.
Dragon's much like gangs had distinct marks for which faction they belonged to.
It was a brand on their scales, but it translated to a tattoo on their skin in
human form. All dragons belonged to a faction and there were only a few - The
Last Phoenix, The Crimson Leopards, The Ravagers,The Ebony Lions ,and The Golden
Clan. Each one had a very specific mark. The Golden Clan being the only clan
without a brand. I suppose each dragon was branded as a child to forgo their
association with the Golden Clan, but I didn't know the politics of it all. I
likely would never know.

But all five cases with photo evidence that I had looked at each dragon had the
same tattoo - the phoenix rising. Even my bank robbers had the same mark. The
human wore a black leather cut but it was not marked on his skin. I was
surprised they let the man wear the mark at all. Dragons didn't typically
associate with humans.

Now I only had to find out where the Last Phoenix liked to hang out here in New
York. That was going to be the fun part. Dragon's weren't my 'bread and butter'
though I was often called in on Dragon hunts because I'd survived Dragon's fire.
I guess after seeing Margo I was going to go see my favorite Archivist. I
probably had a meeting to go to with Dowager and her lackies too. I should check
my schedule before I head that direction, I thought but I didn't do. My alarm
would go off in plenty of time for me to get anywhere inside the AU building.

