#  Dr. Silverman

At twenty after 9 I headed down to the Infirmary where I would meet with my
therapist. Dr. Margo Silverman had been my therapist for the past 19 years. We'd
met every Monday at 9:30 since I was 6 years old and just out of detention. She
had to come visit me then, when it was mandatory anyway. But I continued to see
her long into my childhood and still today for variety of mental issues. Margo
said I didn't need to see her anymore, but I was a creature of habit and change
up set my careful balancing act of sanity.

Adrian hadn't given me a choice. He told me he had nothing left to teach me. He
hadn't given me tools to cope with the change in schedule. Margo had told me she
should have done the same at the time, but I had clung to what had remained of
my schedule to maintain my sanity. She said I only needed someone to talk to.

I think it's more than that. But she's the professional right? I sat down in the
same spot I'd been sitting in for years. The place where I met Sage way back
when. The same desk where Mia hid behind was still there with the same fake
apple tree next to it. Megan sat at her desk. She spared me a smile while she
was on the phone with another client.

The phone clicked down and Megan greeted me, "Morning Nox. Lovely morning. How
did your birthday bash go?"

I laughed. "Everyone canceled because they were sick. I did meet a guy ." I
winked at her.

"I'll never get you. You and Sage were perfectly suited for one another and you
let him get away."

"Sage and I were not perfect together." I shook my head. "No way. I kinda like
to participate in my sexual activities Megan."

She sighed. "I don't want to know what the three of you did."

"Mia was the worst of us." I teased.

Megan groaned, "Please, Nox. I've gone all these years without knowing I don't
need to know now."

The door to Margo's office opened and Mr. John walked out. I gave him a friendly
wave and he smiled at me pushing his glasses up his nose. "She has chocolate
today." he whispered.

My eyebrow rose in curiosity. Mr. John loved his candy. It was how Margo got him
to come in every week. He was a weak werewolf who couldn't really control his
aggression but he had a fondness for candy. He'd been coming here for anger
management therapy since I was a teenager. Dom said that it didn't really help,
but it kept the Venatori off his ass so he kept pushing Mr. John to go. They had
to keep the man locked up during the full moon or he'd go ballistic.

"Nox. You ready?" Margo stood in the door to her office wearing a khaki business
suit and a light blue blouse. The scent of ocean wafted from her office into her
apple filled lobby.

I nodded as I stood up. "I hope Mia is feeling better. You need to bring Naya to
work one Monday so I can see her."

Megan chuckled as Margo closed the door behind me.

"How was your week?" She asked to prompt me to talk long before I even sat down
on the couch.

"Where do you want me to start?" I laughed.

"Let's start with work, that's usually the least of your worries."

"I've been put on a case where a dragon revealed herself on camera while robbing
a bank. But she didn't actually take a lot of money, only one drawer. I think
she did something to the computer. She's working with a human. But there have
been more dragon reveals over the past five years and I think they are all
connected in some way."

Margo shifted in her chair and nodded, "What do you think it all means?"

I shrugged. "I don't know yet. But I plan on finding out."

Margo nodded and wrote a note on her yellow pad. "Your birthday ritual go down
without a hitch?" She looked up with a smile.

"Hardly." I said. I regaled her the tale of their sickness. And about meeting
Alex. The kiss that was literally electrifying. The card in my pocket.

Margo asked, "How do you feel about this upcoming date?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. We had an okay time yesterday?

"Yesterday? Tell me about it… minus all the sexual details Nox."

I laughed. "We didn't have sex. I ran into him again at the butcher and I cooked
him lunch or dinner depending on how you looked at it. But I had a panic attack
in the elevator, and then later when I overshared. I felt rejected and told him
to leave. But he didn't. He tried to bring me down, and he did until Ant started
knocking and then he left. And I had another row at the anxiety train."

"Did Anthony help?"

"He always helps. Alex asked me not to feed Ant, he understood."

"He's a good friend."

I nodded. "Both he and Ryan are."

"Do you think that's going to cause more problems. I know Anthony is your
conduit for payments when working with Il Cane."

"We'll figure something out. We always do."

"Nox, if he asks you to choose can you do it?"

I shrugged. "I don't know Margo. It's way too early to think about it."

"It is not. Nox. You've cooked for the man. You had him in your apartment, in
your bed. These are things you don't normally do."

"I know. But it feels like I've known him forever. Like he's home. I know it
sounds crazy but all I can think about is him. He reminds me so much of …."

Margo interrupted, "You always have been a sucker for a pair of blue eyes, Nox.
That's all it is. You find the kinship because you miss him. It's not wrong. But
don't think he's the same. Don't treat him the same. And god forbid Nox, don't
ever compare the two. They aren't the same man."

"I know." I sighed. "But he feels right."

"Two days in and you are already in love." Margo laughed.

"I wouldn't say that."

She was still chuckling. "I know you wouldn't. But it is very much what you
feel." She looked at her watch and I glanced at mine. "One more question before
we call it. I spoke with your father and he suggested we discuss the off campus
living arrangements."

"Is he pushing me out of the nest or something?" I asked plaintively. I really
didn't see why I needed to leave the building.

"He has a point." Margo said. "But wouldn't it be better to have your
supernatural friends over without all the Venatori warding. Someplace you can
call home - a true home Nox. Not just some room you stay in. Build yourself a
family. That is still something you want isn't it?"

"With all my heart. But I can do that here."

"You can, but with the Vegas and the Viddens and my recommendations the stipend
you received would be more than enough to support the kind of family you want."

I laughed. "You mean a big one."

She smiled. "Yes. Your father isn't trying to push you out. He's just trying to
make you more comfortable. He sees the things you go through here, how people
like Aaron bully you. How you'll never amount to much in their eyes. I think he
worries for your safety."

"I'll think about it." I said.

Margo nodded and handed me a packet. "The application for relocation is here.
All the paperwork you need from others is already done, you only need to sign it
and give it to Dae'lin."

I growled as I took it and Margo gave me a guilty look. "We are only trying to
help."

"Uh huh." I said as I stood up and left Margo's office. The door stuck a little
so I had to yank it open. I stalked through the office, "Bye Megan. Give that
grandbaby a kiss for me."

"We'll see you Monday, Nox."

I nodded and turned around. "Yes ma'am. Monday 9:30 as usual. Thank you." I
looked at Margo. "Thank you for caring." I turned around and took a deep breath
then headed into the hall. There was no reason to be upset. But it didn't mean
my head cooled down any quicker.
Scene Break
 Fear and Anxiety (Alex)

I arrived early and started to walk up to the elevator and decided that I'd
better wait downstairs. I sent him a text. It might be better if we'd agreed to
meet at my place.

A: Funny thing? I don't know exactly where you live.

N: I'll be down. It's easier to show you than tell you.

He had responded faster than I expected. I wandered around the lobby and found
myself staring at the plaque on the statue that took up residence in the middle
of the whole place. It was different. But it was the plaque I kept staring at.
'Atlas made by Nox Sétanta circa 2002'. He was ten when he made this… how? I
didn't understand their magic. But who did.

I heard Nox coming before I felt his presence next to me. He was waiting for me
to ask him if he made the statue. The plaque was pretty definitive. I doubt
someone would lie about it. I looked up at him with a knowing smirk and then he
clamped down his shields and I was thrown out of his head. I flinched
involuntarily as I mentally recoiled back into myself. It was like a life line
being cut. I slapped my arm like one of the ants in the globe had bitten me and
looked up to see if I could spy a hole. "Can they get out?" I didn't really
care, it was just a cover to hide the fact that he'd cut me off.

He was grinning at me and shrugged. He was amused that I didn't ask the one
question he expected me to. "I don't know. I don't really know how they got in
there, so I guess they can get out." And his response hadn't surprised me, I
wished I could hear inside his head.

"Why did you make this and why so big?" I asked out of curiosity.

Nox went on to explain ad nauseum. "Dae'lin, my instructor, told me I had to do
an art project instead of an artifact of war as I usually did every year for the
art of war fair we have in the Academy. I didn't want to to do it and up until
the last day I stalled. It was a quick assembly and it wasn't even original. I
used an art history book and copied it throwing in the glass globe that could
sustain life without any assistance. I only had seeds. It rains inside on really
sunny days when the sun from outside warms the glass. It's kinda cool to watch
really."

I listened. I remember doing the same thing when we were younger. He liked to
talk. And he talked a lot. Nothing really had changed. And really nothing had
changed with me as I asked another question, "So you used science and magic?"

He lit up with my questions but didn't elaborate just said 'Yeah', like it was
no big deal. Then he asked, "You ready to go up?"

I was more than ready to go up. But the play on words went straight to my cock.
"You have no idea." But I knew that he was thinking the same thing even if I
wasn't in his head.

Nox made his way to the back of the elevator when we got in. I stood next to
him. I could feel the anxiety wafting off of him. I wasn't an empath and he was
shielded so tight I couldn't hear anything from him. I wondered if everyone
could feel it. His hands clamped to the rail and he shut his eyes tight. "I'm
guessing you don't like elevators." I whispered in his ear. I could smell that
familiar scent again and I stared at the spot on his neck I loved to kiss.

His voice was distant as he spoke. "Fear of heights. Among other things."

I couldn't delved into his head but I knew I had to distract him from the rising
elevator. "Like what?"

He turned his head and opened his eyes "Heights, flying, needles, clowns," he
said and I started into those big fucking brown eyes and so many memories rushed
into my head. I could kiss him right now and be back in those moments.

I tried to remember what he said… Clowns? "Clowns?" I asked. "Some tragic circus
death? High flying trapeze fall to his death." I joked.

His smile lit up his face again, "No nothing like that." Why did he have to
smile like that at me. At some stranger?

"So tell me why are you afraid of clowns, Nox?" My voice was low and husky and I
saw him respond to it just as I had myself. He was undoing me without blinking.
And I seemed to be having a similar effect on him as he looked away from me.

It happened so suddenly I didn't really know what was happening when he leaned
against me and buried his head against my shoulder. I was about to wrap my arms
around him but he jerked away. "Sorry." He mumbled.

I grabbed his waist and pulled him close to me and whispered, "It's okay." I
pulled him closer holding him tighter against me. "Stop shielding so hard."

He opened to me, it was just a tiny little opening, I doubt anyone else could
have found the hole even if they had been looking. He kept saying the same thing
over and over in his head, *need to be safe*. I had found something important.
He never felt safe. His whole body was tense until he buried himself against me.
It was him against the world. I could understand that. I sent him my own
thought. *You are safe.* And oddly enough in that moment he was safe. I wanted
nothing more than to make it all stop. I don't know how he disarmed me so
easily.

The elevator dinged and a small brunette tapped on Nox's shoulder and when he
looked down at her he gave her wry smile, "Thanks." He removed himself from my
embrace taking my hand and I followed him out the door, "My floor." He said
reassuringly.

The woman clearly knew Nox, and knew him well enough to interrupt a cuddle
session. I was a little jealous, "Who was she?" I asked trying to hide that
fact, maybe I was a lot jealous. Fuck!

We started down the hall and that was when I noticed all the doors so fucking
close together. Not even a step apart. You could open one door from in front of
the other. Nox answered me but I barely heard that she was his boss. "Another
question." More important question in my head at the moment, "What's with all
these doors? You live in a fucking closet?" What kinda life was this. Torture!
No wonder he hated it here.

He wasn't shielding from me anymore but he wasn't revealing anything with the
doors and his words only made me more confused, "You'll see." He said.

One of the marks on the door started to glow and I looked back down the hall.
There was no fucking way I was going to find this room again. He touched it and
it opened. I wanted to touch one of the doors see if opened too at my touch, but
Nox was ushering me into a studio apartment. I took a step back and looked at
the space between doors and then looked through the doorway. "A fucking TARDIS?"

"If by that you mean it's bigger on the inside - yeah. TARDIS fits." He grinned
at me. I shook my head in disbelief as I entered the apartment. This was beyond
sci-fiction.

The toilet flushed and I had a flash of anger. He didn't tell me he lived with
anyone. My head swung to the direction of the sound and the ugliest cat I had
ever seen walked out of the bathroom. It looked up at me with yellow eyes and I
could feel the thing trying to get inside my shields. Burrowing and digging at
my shield, but she got bored and turned away and jumped on to the bed and curled
up on a pillow completely ignoring us.

Nox growled, "Fee..."

She stood up showed us her ass and snubbed us with her back. I bit back my
laughter. "Your cat alright?" I asked.

"Ophelia is fine, other than being onery why?"

I shook my head and my hair fell across my eyes. His thoughts were louder here.
He wanted to push them away. But he didn't come near me choosing to walk into
the kitchen and look in his oven. His apartment smelled amazing. I answered his
question, "No reason. She just looks a little mangy." I said loud enough for the
cat to hear and I felt a swat at my shield.

Nox was full of information as always. "That's just the way her coat is. She's a
Lykoi - a werewolf cat, she doesn't have an under coat, so it's all coarse hair
and thin."

How ironic. "A Venatori with a werewolf cat as a pet. I bet that gets all sorts
of laughs by your peers."

Nox shrugged. "My peers don't come into my apartment very often." such a lonely
life he lived. Did he have any friends? He continued, "Or at all. Drink? I have
water, wine, I think I have a beer or two in there from last week and coffee."   
  
"You're the one cooking you tell me."   
  
"Beer?" I wasn't much of a beer drinker but it would do. And I knew from
watching him, that was all he drank.   
  
He used some sort of magic to pop the top of our bottles and then handed one to
me. I had so many questions. But I was more fascinated by his preparation of
dinner. We were having steak, and whatever was already in the oven.   
  
I leaned against the bar and asked one pressing question. "So aren't you afraid
some Venatori is going to kill you 'cause you are breaking some sort of law
talking to me about magic?"   
  
He laughed. A real laugh, nothing hidden about it. "Obviously you know about
magic at least enough to know what I am, and that we have magic. So no, not
really. Besides you're a path. From what I can tell you are a telepath." He said
as he applied salt and pepper to both sides of the steak he was about cook.

"So why am I not dead if you know what I am?" That was my biggest question. If
he knew I was a path, why was he even flirting with me. And why didn't he try to
kill me before - Venatori kill dreamwalkers and there was no denying I was one
to him.   
  
"Why would I kill you? Have you done something wrong?" He asked.   
  
"No." I said curtly.   
  
"Are you planning on doing something wrong?" He winked at me playfully. And I
knew exactly what he was thinking.   
  
"You think highly of yourself and your skills don't you." I quipped back.   
  
"I got you to my apartment didn't I?" Touche.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTQ3NjQyODc5N119
-->