#  HangScene Break
 Doubts

I walked the long way to the Archives. I was still carrying the envelope with
the paperwork in my hand. It was heavier than I expected the more I walked. My
father was right. Margo was right. Fuck, but moving was go (Alex)

We made some small talk. I asked about the magic room we were in. I pried again
into his friends and boyfriends. And we ended up talking about his differences
between him and other Venatori.

Nox said, "I don't kill monsters." very adamantly. His thoughts were clear.

"You're a hunter aren't you?" I was tired of standing and sat down ing to be difficult on
the best of days. Right now while I was a fucking mhe
closest barstool. Nox was watching his cat and his thoughts clearly said this
was her seat.

"I am. But I don't kill unless. It wasn't going to go
well.

The Archives were two levels of nothing but books, tomes and a shit ton of
collected paperwork. Where once card catalogs sat were computers. The only thing
t absolutely have to."   
  
"This some new trial the Venatori are doing? Like, let's see how well this goes
over." I found it strange that he was so different from every other Venatori I'd
ever met. But hey had digitized with the cards. The rest were volumes and volumes of paper.
The powers that be said it was more secure, yet anyone could walk in her and
read anything they wanted.

There were secure files that were digitally encrypted. Most of that had to do
with the infirmary where tech was the latest and greatest cutting edge thing
around. Asher Eriksen made salways been.

Nox shook his head. "No. Just me being me. You've obviously been following me,
so you have to know I have friends who aren't exactly human or Venatori." He was
friends with the Prince of the Vampires. Their golden boy. I knew he had
werewolf Alpha friends and vampire friends and other friend throughout the city.
I'd seen pictures of it. All his public businesses were cutting
edge, but the Venatori,him with them. Among others.   
  
"You don't seemed bothered by this knowledge?" I asked then finished of they lagged behind stuck in tradition. Stuck in the 80s
with no internet, no cell phones and no fucking computers to do work.

Inst
of the beer he preferred. I'd seen him drinking it whenever he went out. I think
I was going to need to dispose of all the centbeer ofin the room was a desk where a few men and women sat attending to
whatever filing and sorting anat fridge and replace it
with something decent. He drank wine, I'd pregular library stuff was. Mrs. Dolores Vega
with her gorgeous green eyes smiled at me when she looked up. "Nox. What can I
do for you?"

I grinned at my favorite librarian. "I need information Thfer that to a beer. Whiskey was
better. But the last time I saw him drunk his mother had died. I wasn't sure I
could handle him in a drunken state. He Lwast Phoenix - one
of the Dragon factions. I know they've a hangout here in the City. I need those
records."

She tapped away at her computer a mess sober.

"Maybe I like hot guys following me around?" Nox wasn't lying as he took the
empty bottle to the sink and smilasked., "You could have looked it up
yourself." She pointed to the computer. "I know you know how to do it."

I gave her my most pathetic smile, "But then I wouldn't get to talAnother?"   
  
"I'm good." I said leaning on the counter to play to the words I was about to
say to him, "Or are you trying to get me drunk tso my
favorite librarian."

"I'm three times your age and you know I'm not going to fall for your charms."

My grin was brighter and widyou can take advantage of me."   
  
He grinned at me, "I don't need you drunk to do that."   
  
"So you just gonna take me here, "I know, ma'am. But I can't help it. You bring
out the best in me."

Mrs. Vega rolled her eyes. "It really is no wonder Dorian fell so hard for the
little boy he was just supposed to watch from a distance."

"I was even cuter then, those too big eynow?" I teased.   
  
"I might." He shot back at me.   
  
"I'd like to see you try." In that moment it was the ruth. I wanted to see him
try, my heart was beating in my ches,t and the gangly sickly body. So
pathetic"

"And what's your excuse now?" She wasn't buying my flirting. She never did. She
printed off a list of volumes fowas all in too. Or not. Maybe I was
I projecting what I wanted him to feel because he didn’t take up my dare at all.

Instead, after a few jokes he said, "After mwe but she handed it to one of the young boys
sitting next to her. "Go get these for Master Sétanta." The boy scurried off and
Mrs. Vega returned her attention to me. "I'm listening."

"My excuse for being charming?" I asked with feigned ignorance. "I'd tell you
but I don't think you'd appreciate the vulgar language that would accompany it."

She sighed. "It's no wonder there are no women snapping you up with an attitude
like that." She smiled. "Back when I was younger you needed to woo a girl."

I laughedeat." He set down a steak and set
it aside to rest. It looked and smelled amazing, rekindling my appetite despite
my disappointment.. The bread was perfectly crusty as he cut it. The vegetables
even looked good and I wasn't big on the green things, not that there was
anything green on the plate.

"You might want to move to the couch while we eat, or Fee might steal your
steak. "You know fully well I don't woo. And I sure as hell don't woo
girls."

"Dorian's influence."

I shook my head, "Don't go blaming your son for my sexual preferences. I did not
know Dorian was gay until after I got the shit kicked out of me for kissing
Dylan."

"What possessed you do that Nox?" She asked more curious than before.

I shrugged. "I dunno. Vague recollection of wanting to feel a pair of lips
against mine. I hadn't expected to get a fist to the jaw or kicked into
submission."

"But you had to know his response?"

I sighed. "Maybe. Just a strange feeling possessed me. Dylan didn't reciprocate
that's all."

"Did any of the boys?"

I laughed. "Yeah one! My fucking half brother."

Mrs. Vega sighed, "When Kai found out you were his son he nearly shit a brick."
Her hand flew to her mouth and I was pulling in my lips as she realized exactly
whaare in her seat." Nox really loved his cat. I asked about her a
little more in depth as I took our plates to the table, he grabbed wine glasses
and a smaller plate and brought them over.

She was toilet trained, and possessed. I really couldn't believe it but I was
dwelling on the idea that he didn't like the beach. But he tried to convince me
that he could handle it. Yet everything I'd seen today said he couldn't. My one
place to be free and he would freak the fuck out.

I cut a piece of my steak and stuck it in my mouth and it melted in my mouth. I
drooled, actually drooled. "Holy fuck. You always cook like this?" He reached up
and wiped the drool from the corner of my mouth. I wanted to kiss him. "Do all
Venatori cook like you?" I asked instead

"Hardly. I learned from a top rated chef when I was a kid." He said it like it
was nothing. Like it was nothing so matter of fact. But she'd said. Mrs. Vega was prim and proper and she never swore - never. Not
even when she was bitching me out for fucking up her kitchen when I was
experimenting on a dish I'd seen Marco make.

I started laughing. "I have this very big childish urge to say - I'm gonna
tell."

Mrs. Vega hid her fit of giggles behind her hand. The boy returned carrying a
small file of papers  was a trained killer.
Everything about him was learned to kill. But he danced like a ballerina. He
cooked like a chef. He thought outside the fucking box. Why did Poet want to
destroy him?   
  
"Is there anything you can't do? Hunt monsters, make statues, cook?" I asked
before feeding myself more of everything on my plate.

"Don't forget the running from clowns, crying in elevators and cleaning hordes
of sand handed it to me. being pussy whipped by a cat." He lojoked at his mentor with a strange
face. I could only imagine what he was thinking seeing a very serious Mrs. Vega
giggling like a schoolgirl. But it wasn't long before she was looking all that
more regal as the matriarch of the Vega household. "This is all the information
we have on The Last Phoenix. From what I saw on location in the records, it's in
a bad part of town. Not that I need to tell you to be careful Nox. But, be
careful."

"Yes ma'am." I said. I waved the folder at her in a salute of sorts. "Thanks for
the information. I'll get it back when I'm done."

"You better, son." She said and then she was admonishing the boy who had handed
me the file. Against protocol I'm sure.

I was in a much better mood after having seen Mrs. Vega. She always treated me
like a son even though I was no such thing. I think it was more pronounced now
that I was Kai's son. Her husband's best friend and partner. I was more family
now than before..

Ophelia meowed behind us in agreement. "You can be quiet, Fee. Or I'll eat all
the leftovers." Nox called at her without looking   
  
"Do you always have conversations with your cat?"   
  
He nodded, "Fee knows all my secrets."   
  
"Oh really?" I looked back at the cat who sat on the counter lapping at a bowl
of milk. "Ophelia, you and I need to have a little chat." I wondered if she was
telepathic and that was why she was trying to beat down my shields earlier, was
that how she and Nox had a conversation. Or was it merely just banter they had
learned.   
  
Nox was in good humor with his response. "Good luck with that. She's a brat."


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTQyMzQyNTgyNF19
-->