#  Train Ride

I clung to his hand as we walked. I ignored everything but the feel of his hand
in mine. I don't think I realized when we got on the trScene Break
 Panic Attack

I made it back to my apartment just in time for my anxiety to hit full swing.
And as I opened the door Ophelia sat in front of the door with a fucking dead
mouse at her feet. "Mother fucker!" I saind and took a seat. I
was so focused that when I realized it Alex was smirking at me. "I don't think
you've ever been so quiet."

I laughed. "I just had another telepath tell me I don't shut up."

The smirshut my door on the cat and
walked away. I walked around the AU building. I wasn't paying attention and
walked straight into a solid mass.

I looked up and saw my father standing in front of me. "Boy…." He said before he
saw the look on hismy face faded. . "What's wrong?"

ain and took a seat. I
was so focused that when I realized it Alex was smirking at me. "I don't think
you've ever been so quiet."

I laughed. "I just had another telepath tell me I don't shut up."

The smirk on his face faded. I shovedok my shoulder against his, "You do know that
there allhead. "I don't want to talk about it."

Kai snorts of magic in the Venatori right? I can't keep my shields up all
the time. It physically hurts."

Alex looked at me with those gorgeous eyes and he looked deep. I knew he was
looking for something. I asked, "What do you want to know?"

"Just the truth." He said.

"I don't ed. "That's a lie."

I sighed. "I have a date. My cat is bringing me presents and I can't deal with
it." I started pacing back and forth in the hall. "I'm just having issues
dealing right now."

Kai grabbed my shoulders and pushed me against the wall and I pushed him away
from me in a panic. "Careful kid."

"Don't ever do that. Not ever." I choked out as I slied to you."

"But you keep secrets from me."

"Do you really want to know?" I asked.

"I promise I won't walk."

I laughed, "It's not the walking I'm afraid of. I can keep up with you walking.
It's running I'm afraid I can't."

"the ground. I wrapped
my arms around my legs and dropped my head to my knees.

I could feel my father kneel down next to me, "What can I do to help?"

I rocked back and forth trying to calm down. "Get the mouse out of my
apartment."

"Really? lie to you."

"But you keep secrets from me."

"Do you really want to know?" I asked.

"I promise I won't walk."

I laughed, "It's not the walking I'm afraid of. I can keep up with you walking.
It's running I'm afraid I can't."

"You' are fucking Venatori." Alex laughed.
afraid of a mouse?"

I stuchook my tongue out at him and he lehead. "Not afraid of it. It's a mess aned in and captured it with his mouth. I
groaned.

He pulled a way with a press of his lips against mine. "Show me."

I sighed and tore down the wall I'd put up before. The feelings rushed forward.
I needed him. It wasn't like a sex need. It was more about something else,
something I couldn't explain.

"I don't…" Alex said and I sighed.

"Maybe we should go back." I felt like I did when my dream guy didn't show up.
Maybe it would have been better if he hadn't even come.

"Come on." Alex sighed. "Don't … I'm here. I don't know what to say, Nox. I
don't feel like that. Not yet."

"I never asked you to." I sighed. "But this is why I didn't want you to know. I
fall fast. Always have. It's not about being in love. I don't let people in, and
here you are in my head, reading everything." I clamped my mouth shut and tried
to think of somI wasn't cable of dealing
with it."

"I don't think Ophelia likes me son."

I handed my dad my phone, "Call Dorian. Then we can spar."

"That I can do." He took my phone and stepped away from me to talk to Dorian.
Then he was back in front of me. "Dorian said he'd get on it and you and me we
are going to spar."

My father lifted my by my elbow and I was on my feet in moments. I don't think I
walked more than my father dragged me down the hall and down two flights of
stairs and into a training room. They were one of my favorite rooms, the
weights, the big fighting area in the middle of everything. I wasn't the
strongest, hell I was probably the weakest of the Venatori. But I wasn't bottom
of the barrel. Though I still got the shit kicked out of me on a regular basis.
Usually by man in front of me.

He stretched and I followed him like I was in class, stretching else. Tried to direct my thoughts away from him away from
the problem - which ultimately laid wwhat he did. For
the counts. The movements alone helped keep my mind off the problem off the
anxiety. I focused on my body, how ith me. "Let's just do this. We don't have
to talk."

Alex leaned against me, "What if I like listening to you ramble?"

He sounded sincere in his words but I just shook my head. "Fine then, I'll
talk." But Alex didn't say anything after. I looked at him expectantly and he
smirked, "I don't know what to say. I don't have a plethora of words spewing
around my mind like you."

I rolled my eyes, "So you are saying that you don't have a thought in your
head."

Heoved, why it moved. I felt each muscle
strain.

It wasn't yoga, but it was calming and relaxing. I watched as my father lithe
lean body stood up and he offered me a hand but I declined it and rose to my
feet unfolding from the prior stretch. "Show off." he said as he motioned to the
floor.

We danced around each other testing the waters before I attacked my father. My
feet bouncing forward and my right hand missing by a mile. My father was fast
for an old man. I taunted in my head. I would never say it to his face, he might
actually hurt me.

But I smirked and shrugghe askething else. Tried to direct my thoughts away from him away from
the problem - which ultimately laid with me. "Let's just do this. We don't have
to talk."

Alex leaned against me, "What if I like listening to you ramble?"

He sounded sincere in his words but I just shook my head. "Fine then, I'll
talk." But Alex didn't say anything after. I looked at him expectantly and he
smirked, "I don't know what to say. I don't have a plethora of words spewing
around my mind like you."

I rolled my eyes, "So you are saying that you don't have a thought in your
head."

He smirked and shrugged., "I'm just that kinda guy."

"I doubt that." I said. "You said you were late because you were tied up with a
client? What do you do?"

The smirk changed to a smile and Alex shifted in his seat and put his arm around
my shoulders. I leaned against him and it felt right while I listened. "I'm a
business consultant of sorts. I do all sorts of things - efficiencWhat's so funny?"

I shook my head and tried again. He easily dodged. But my father was
predictable, and I had been practicing against vampires who were older and
faster than any Venatori. And to fight them I'd learned how to use my gifts all
of them. I threw three more punches at my father and let my gift do the work I
needed it to do. Patterns were everywhere. We thought in patterns, we worked in
patterns. They weren't perceptible to your eyes, your mind necessarily but we
all did things in patterns. Some of us the patterns were seemingly training,
gathering intel, I get paid a lot of the times to find information on opposing
sides for good or ill. Depends on ndom and
others like mine were completely observable by others. Psychologists recognized
these mental patterns. I saw them like pieces of a puzzle to be solved.

Anotheir needs."

"I'm sure your ability helps with the intel."

"It does. Why is it you don't mind that I'm in your head?"

"I have nothing to hide. The only time I shield my entire existence is if I'm
hunting a telepath or someththree misses and my father wove between the punches. But in doing so he
stopped watching my feet and I dropped to the ground and had him on his back in
a quick leg sweep. I grinned down at my father. He stared up at me dazed. "I
knew that was comy training,
gathering intel, I get paid a lot of the times to find information on opposing
sides for good or ill. Depends on their needs."

"I'm sure your ability helps with the intel."

"It does. Why is it you don't mind that I'm in your head?"

"I have nothing to hide. The only time I shield my entire existence is if I'm
hunting a telepath or something."


"DSo you do that often?"

"Hunt telepaths?" I asked, then shrugged in response. "I've never hunted one
personally. Huwhy didn't you stop it?" I asked confused.

"Because it was one of many paths don't fall under the same sorts of laws as the rest of
the supernatural world."

"You mean because they're human. But you have orders to kill some kinds on sight
don't you?"

I nodded. "Dreamwalkers and clairvoyants typically yes. But honestly I don't
know why. I get they are dangerous and could really do some damage. But it's no
real difference than say telepaths who get insider secrets and become rich and
famous because they know exactly what you want." I smirked because I knew that's
probably what Alex did. I didn't blame him for using his gift for his greater
good. Most humans would. "My best friend is a technopath. He's a hacker, he uses
his gift for his betterment. A dreamwalker isn't going to go bad just because he
can walk into your dreams. No more so than any other human. Everything should be
a case by case basis."

"How many have you killed?" Alex asked.

"I've taken a handful of lives in the past 5 years. Can count them and still
have figures left over. I only kill in self defense. But unless I made
arrangements with their own people, the Venatori kill them after a sort of
trial. We can't contain them, so they die anyway. But I hope one day it'll
change."

"What do their people do with them?"
ossible outcomes, one that rarely comes to pass so
I discarded it."

"You thought because I never win I wouldn't knock you on your ass now?"

Kai smirked as he sat up and rested his elbows on his knees as he leaned forward
and caught his breath. "No. It was one of a thousand different variations. It
was the only one in which you went low."

"I only went low because you weren't really moving, you were dodging me. But you
seemed to forget your lower body."

"I never understand your gift. Some days it's like you are blinded by the
patterns of things, and others you welcome it and see past the problems and use
it to your advantage."

I laughed. "I always uses it to my advantage. It's those changes in the patterns
that make me crazy." I said. "A mess deviates from those patterns. Changes make
those patterns look wrong. So what I see and what is, are two different things.
I can tune out only so much."

"You are… were.. In the middle of a panic attack and you used those patterns."

"When the patterns are in alignment it's comforting - calming. You father are
predictable. Maybe not on an observational level, but your movements follow a
pattern. You never deviated once from those patterns. You flow and follow with
them."

"So why don't you always win?" He asked.

I smiled. "Because you are faster, and stronger and I can't react fast enough
when I go on the defensive. Offense is easier."

"The old adage, the best defense is a good offense?"

I nodded. "Pretty much."

"Are you feeling better?" Kai asked as he stood up.

"I am. Thank you."

"I'm sure Dorian is through with your mouse problem."

I grinned. "I could probably handle it now." I took a deep breath. "I think."

"Let's not risk it Nox. I'm not sure I could take another fall like that one.
These old bones and all." He smirked at me with a wink.

"Did I say something in one of your playthroughs."

"You called me an old man."

I grinned. "I called you one in my head."

And my father punched at me and we started anew.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNTEzMDQxMjA3LDQzOTk1MDkxNV19
-->