#  "Most of the time rehabilitate them. 80% of the cases in New York are fledglings either abandoned or neglected. Sometimes it's an unknown, rare case. I had one
girl who couldn't shift at all during the moons. Once she shifted into wolf
while the moon was full she couldn't shift out. Her tie to the mooScene Break
 Atlas

My father knocked me on my ass three more times before we called it. I had
enough time to grab a shower and start preparing for my late lunch early dinner.
That was also probably part of my problem - I was starving. And my biggest
problem was deciding between impressing Alex with a five star chicken dish Marco
taught me how to make or to go with tonight's normal - steak.

I made sure to stop down in the cafeteria where Ms. Sheila gave me a lump of
bread dough ready to cook. The bread made the apartment smell good, the steak
would make it better, but I didn't need to cook that till Alex arrived. I wasn't
even sure how that was going to work. I hadn't given him the address. He knew
where I lived, but I hadn't told him what floor or which door was mine. It's not
like the Venatori floors had room numbers on them.

Fee was sitting on the counter while I chopped up carrots, summer squash and
sweet potatoes to roast with some olive oil and salt and pepper. It would
probably last me all week but with others eating it I might have to run sto strong,
and her human form so weak she couldn't do it. So her family has to lock her up
for three days. She gets out on occasion and I have to find her before anyone
else."

"Aren't you afraid of getting bitten?"

"No. Not really. I'm a hunter. It's whatmake
a substitution.

I got a text as I put the vegetables in the oven under the bread.

A: Funny thing? I don't know exactly where you live.

N: I'll be down. It's easier to show you than tell you.

My hair was still wet, I'd changed the color from the red tips to a dark blue. I
tugged my shoes on over my bare feet. I wasn't wearing 'date' clothes - just
shorts and a sarcastic t-shirt that said 'perfectly imperfect', which ironically
fit my mood. I hadn't chosen it specifically. It was next in line in the drawer.
Everything had a place and a pattern to follow including what I wore.

I took the elevator. I hated the elevator but it didn't want to keep Alex
waiting too long. He might decide it's not worth it and walk away. It was never
an easy ride I kept my eyes closed and my hands firmly gripped the brass bar
that kept a person from leaning on the glass walls. It was trained to do. I'll die young as
most hunters do. But I'm going to live my way - not the way the Venatori say I
have to."

"Big talk for such a little man." Alex smirked.

"Little huh? I'll show you little." I bit my bottom lip. "But I don't think
that'll happen anytime soon."

"So now you aren't trying to get in my pants? I'm offended." Alex smirked as he
said it.

"My motivea nice view looking
down upon all the lobby but I couldn't do it. I'd be a broken mess if I looked.

We hit the ground floor and I hurried out taking a deep breath to calm myself
before I started looking for Alex. I expected him to be sitting at the same
table he always had in the mornings. Instead I found him staring at Atlas.

I approached knowing the first question out of his mouth would be, did you
really make this?

He looked up and smirked at me. I swear he had to be reading my thoughts. I
pulled my shields up. He sort of flinched, like it had hurt. He covered it by
slapping his arm like a bug had bitten him. He looked up at the globe full of
ants. "Can they get out?"

I grinned and shrugged. "I don't know. I don't really know how they got in
there, so I guess they can get out. The globe at the top of Atlas was a
transparent glass terrarium. The seeds to grow the grass inside were the only
thing I hadn't made with the elements.

"Why did you make this and why so big?" Alex asked.

It wasn't disbelief that I had which was are still the same." I pressed a kiss to his cheek and stood up when
the train lurched to a stop freshing. I was tired of telling
people Yeah I made it. "Dae'lin, my instructor, told me I had to do an art
project instead of an artifact of war as I usually did every year for the art of
war fair we have in the Academy. I didn't want to to do it and up until the last
day I stalled. It was a quick assembly and it wasn't even original. I used an
art history book and copied it throwing in the glass globe that cour destination. "But we have a date to get
through. And I'm looking forward to beating you at laser tag."

I headed for the door with Alex following afterld sustain
life without any assistance. I only had seeds. It rains inside on really sunny
days when the sun from outside warms the glass. It's kinda cool to watch
really."

"So you used science and magic?"

I grinned at him. "Yeah. You ready to go up?"

He smirked at me., "We'll see about that pretty
boy."
You have no idea." I grinned at him in response. Oh I had an
idea.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE5MjA3ODY0NzhdfQ==
-->