#  Grocery Shopping: Round 2

The train back into the city was 30 minutes of us flirting silently. I leaned
back against our seat and Alex spoke in my head. Little whispered things he
wanted to do. I thought of things I wanted him to do to me, what I wanted to do
to him. Not all of the thoughts were about the bedroom which surprised Alex. One
thought was of just us lounging on the couch doing whatever in our own little
worlds but together, me curled up in his lap reading with a headset on and Alex
watching TV, or at least that was the thought he injected over top of mine.

He asked me *What do you want the most of all?*

The question was so sudden, so out of left field that I could barely stop the
blur of thoughts that the suggestion had invoked. Images of a family, of a kids
playing in the background, barbeques on the roof, a fleeting image of Alex with
a baby were the last thing he saw before the train announced our stop. "Our
stop." I whispered trying to break the mental image. Trying to keep him from
running away at my over-the-top feelings. It wasn't the first time I'd had the
thoughts. It wouldn't be the last time, but it was the first time there had been
someone else there with me.

We didn't exit the train closest to my place, since we had groceries to buy
first. I thought about all the things I needed and Alex was smirking, "Don't
forget the ice-cream. I'm sure I can find another use for it later."

My body shuddered at the thought for more than one reason. The idea of the cold
sticky food stuff running over my body sent me into a minor panic, but the the
thought of Alex's hot mouth all over my body chasing the cold made me groan
inward but it escaped as we walked up the stairs to the street.

Alex was smirking, "You really are too easy."

"You have no fucking idea."

"Actually I think I do." Alex tapped my head with a smile.

"Yeah yeah." I stuck my tongue out at him and opened the grocery store door. I
didn't have any of the fixings except eggs, and if I used eggs now I'd run out
for breakfast so I picked up more eggs. I could make a full out breakfast for
Alex, though he said he wanted pancakes. It was rather ironic I was still having
breakfast for dinner tonight.

My normal go to dinner I canceled before leaving Ant and Ryan last night. They
knew I had a date. While I didn't expect him to be spending the night, we seemed
to get interrupted long before we got that far, and we ended up fighting more
often than not. I didn't want to have to rush away either. Ryan was all 'you go'
and Ant was just smirking at me. He could read me almost as well as Alex could.

We had a basket and Alex grabbed a few things from the shelves and put them in
the basket I was carrying. I put what I needed in. Alex dropped in a carton of
vanilla ice cream. "We need to go to a liquor store too."

I raised my eyebrow and he smirked at me. "I'm not drinking another one of those
god-awful beers."

"You didn't need to drink it!" I frowned. "I asked you what you wanted."

"Well this time I can say I want a whiskey."

"I could make you an Irish coffee. Or a White Russian. Though I don't have
either vodka or Bailey's on hand. My dad would thank you though."

"You drink with your dad? I thought you didn't know your him." I didn't remember
ever telling Alex that. And it wouldn't have been a curren thought. But I let it
go. It wasn't like it was a secret.

I shook my head. "I don't drink much anymore, but he tends to have something in
his coffee when we have brunch on Saturday."

"You two close?" Alex asked I detected a hint of jealousy?

"Not really. We are trying. Kai's trying to make up for lost time, trying to be
a better parent to me than he was to any of his other kids. Mostly because he
knows how much I hated my father as a child. He feels like he should have been
there."

"Did you have any close relationships growing up?"

I shook my head. "Not really." I said as I grabbed the last of the ingredients
and we headed for the checkout line. "I had Sage's family, and Mia's mom. There
was Dae'lin and Dorian who sent me off to other instructors who I consider
almost family. Margo my therapist." And then there was the dream guy. The one in
which I had only found to lose but he'd been apart of my life since we were
little. But I didn't remember him. I had a theory on it. The same theory I had
for why I always woke at the same time - the fucking nightmares made everything
else incomprehensible.

"But no one really I called family." Not really.

Alex paid for the groceries. I started to say I could handle my own groceries
but he had cash out and was already paying by the time I realized I should pay
for my own things. We stopped at the liquor store, Alex bought whiskey and vodka
and Bailey's like I was running some sort of bar or something. It wasn't the
cheap kind either. And he bought a bottle of white and red wine. I had to ask as
we headed towards the AU building, "Why do we need all that?"

Alex smirked, "Maybe I plan on getting you drunk and having my way with you."

I bit my bottom lip and grinned through it before I spoke in a low voice, "You
don't need me drunk to have your way with me."

His blue eyes were a fire and I wanted nothing more than to give him whatever he
wanted. But the last time we went there he pressed me on my needs. I wasn't sure
I wanted to go there so soon. Specially after earlier.

Alex shifted his shoulder into mine as we walked, "It's so you have it for when
I come over, so you don't have to go out and buy anything. This way you have
what I like on hand."

"So all for you?" I grinned.

"All for me." He snaked a hand around my waist. "I'll do my best not to make
things worse, alright?"

I nodded. "You didn't do anything wrong - you haven't."

"I did enough. I'm not very good at this." Alex paused searching for a word. "..
this dating thing."

"We dating?" I asked playfully.

"If you want to put a label on it." He said as he opened the door to the lobby
of the AU building and I stepped through the door.

I saluted Atlas as I walked past and we headed for the elevator. But Alex
grabbed my hand, "How many floors is it to your room?"

"Too many to walk with groceries." I said.

"I doubt that. I bet you take the stairs two or three times a day. How many
floors?"

I sighed and relented, "47 flights of stairs."

Alex blinked at me and then he spun me around, "No wonder you have such a hot
ass."

I felt the heat rise to my cheeks and I bit my bottom lip.

"Holy fuck, he blushes." Which only made it worse. "Is that going to be a thing
now?"

I shook my head. "No, you just called attention to it, which makes it worse."

Alex wrapped his arm around me, "We can take the stairs until I get tired, then
I'll have to ask for the elevator."

I shook my head, "We can take the service elevator, I don't freak out quite so
bad there."

"Why's that?" Alex asked.

"Cause I can't see the ground getting farther or closer."

Alex grinned, "To the service elevator then."
Scene Break
 Linner? Lupper? Hell… Food!

"Another question. What's with all these doors?" We walked farther down the
hallway before he added. "You live in a fucking closet?" He asked dumbfounded.

"You'll see." The rune on my door started to light up when I got near mostly
because I willed it so, so Alex could see it. I touched the door and it pushed
open, no key, no lock. Magic. And it opened into my studio apartment - all the
space I ever needed.

Alex took a step back and looked. "A fucking TARDIS?"

I grinned, "If by that you mean it's bigger on the inside - yeah. TARDIS fits."

Alex shook his head and stepped in. The toilet flushed and his eyes immediately
swung to the bathroom. I watched him as Ophelia sauntered out of the bathroom on
her four feet with her scruffy grey fur. She stopped and looked up at him with
her yellow eyes and blinked. She stared at him for what seemed like forever then
turned her head and walked back to the bed and jumped up on to \*\*my\*\* pillow
and laid down.

I growled at her. "Fee…" She stood up, lifted her tail and ass straight up
snubbing me then curled back on my pillow.

"Your cat alright?"

"Ophelia is fine, other than being ornery why?"

Alex shook his head, black locks falling in front of his eyes. I wanted to push
them back but instead I kicked my shoes off then walked around the bar to the
kitchen to check on my roasting vegetables. "No reason. She just looks a little
mangy."

"That's just the way her coat is. She's a Lykoi - a werewolf cat, she doesn't
have an under coat, so it's all coarse hair and thin."

Alex smirked, "A Venatori with a werewolf cat as a pet. I bet that gets all
sorts of laughs by your peers."

I shrugged. "My peers don't come into my apartment very often. Or at all.
Drink?" I asked. "I have water, wine, I think I have a beer or two in there from
last week and coffee."

"You're the one cooking you tell me."

"Beer?"

He shrugged. I looked in the fridge and actually had more than a few, apparently
Ant and Ryan left more than usual. They'd restock later tonight so everyone
could get good and lubricated on their night off. I took two bottles out and
popped the tops with a little air and handed one to Alex then started prepping
the steak for our eats.

"So aren't you afraid some Venatori is going to kill you 'cause you are breaking
some sort of law talking to me about magic?"

I laughed. "Obviously you know about magic at least enough to know what I am,
and that we have magic. So no, not really. Besides you're a path. From what I
can tell you are a telepath." I said but never looked up from the steak I was
applying salt and pepper to.

"So why am I not dead if you know what I am?"

"Why would I kill you? Have you done something wrong?"

"No."

"Are you planning on doing something wrong?" I asked playfully with a wink.

He smirked at me. "You think highly of yourself and your skills don't you."

"I got you to my apartment didn't I?"

He looked around. "If magic can make this, why do you have a studio apartment?
Why not a mansion?"

"This is all the space I need." I shrugged and looked up as I dropped the steak
in the hot pan. "And it's all it's programmed to do right now. I could scale it
a little, make it a proper one bedroom within the parameters of the rune's
programming, but that's more space for me to freak out over."

"What do you mean?"

"It's more space I have to keep organized. I don't spend a lot of time here
other than sleeping so why do I need more room."

"You have no TV, I guess you really don't spend any time here. Friends or your
boyfriends?" He asked.

"When I was younger I used to spend time in front of the television, but now I'd
rather read a book in my down time. It's more relaxing. Not that I have a lot of
down time."

"Killing monsters has to be a full time job."

"I don't kill monsters." I said.

"You're a hunter aren't you?" Alex asked as he sat down in Fee's stool. She
didn't even bother moving or looking but she tensed and I knew she knew. But she
let it go as she snubbed us both.

"I am. But I don't kill unless I absolutely have to."

"This some new trial the Venatori are doing?" He smirked. "Like, let's see how
well this goes over."

I shook my head. "No. Just me being me. You've obviously been following me, so
you have to know I have friends who aren't exactly human or Venatori."

"You don't seemed bothered by this knowledge?" Alex polished off the last of his
beer with a slight grimace.

"Maybe I like hot guys following me around?" I took his empty bottle and tossed
it in the can next to the sink, "Another?"

"I'm good." He leaned on to the counter, "Or are you trying to get me drunk so
you can take advantage of me."

I grinned at him. "I don't need you drunk to do that."

"So you just gonna take me here, now?"

"I might."

He smirked at me, "I'd like to see you try."

"Maybe after dinner." I said. "Or is it Linner?"

"Lupper?" Alex offered helpfully.

"After we eat." I grinned setting the perfectly cooked steak to the side to rest
and finish up the rest of the meal.

"You might want to move to the couch while we eat, or Fee might steal your
steak. You are in her seat."

"Your cat? You let your cat eat at your table?"

"I don't really have a choice. She's gonna do it regardless of what I say so why
fight it."

"And she's toilet trained?"

I laughed. "Yeah. There was a litter box. And there was little dust balls and
sand scattered across my floor and I think I had a panic attack for three weeks
until we negotiated the terms of her surrender."

"How'd that go?" Alex was hiding his laugh.

"Yeah, I know, pussy whipped!" I grinned at Alex. "She agreed. And I agreed she
can do just about anything else she wants except move things around. Which she
still does." I sighed. "But I deal. I have a problem with sand."

"You said it not me!" His smirk seemed to be permanently etched on his face and
I couldn't help my reaction I bit my bottom lip. "I can work with the beach for
a short time, but I need a shower before I can function properly again."

"So no beach." Alex looked almost sad.

"No, I can do the beach. I like the beach. I just need to clean up afterwards."

It didn't seem to make him any happier but I pulled the wine out of the fridge
and popped the cork poured two glasses and before I could grab the plates Alex
was picking them up and carrying them to the coffee table. "You usually eat
here?"

I nodded and picked up Fee’s smaller plate to follow him. "When I have company.
Fee really doesn't like anyone sitting in her seat and it's just easier to avoid
the eventual fight you'll be having with her."

I set the plate and glasses down and cut a piece off my steak and continued to
cut into smaller pieces for Fee. "Does your cat always eat with you?"

"Yeah. She does. It's a family thing I guess. Ophelia is a unique cat." I said
proudly as I transferred the meat to Fee’s plate along with a few small
vegetables..

"You mean more unique than looking like a werewolf?" He asked as she strolled
over to join us, sniffing at the plate and giving me a ‘please explain’ look
over the vegetables.

"Yeah. She's possessed."

"Possessed?" Alex asked before he took a bite of his steak. Drool left the side
of his mouth and I couldn't help the smile that radiated from me. I reached
across the space between us and wiped the dripping juices from his cheek. "Holy
fuck!" he said. "You always cook like this?"

I shrugged. "Yeah."

"Do all Venatori cook like you?"

"Hardly. I learned from a top rated chef when I was a kid."

"Is there anything you can't do? Hunt monsters, make statues, cook?" Alex said
before he fed himself another forkful of steak grabbing a roasted sweet potato
with it.

"Don't forget the running from clowns, crying in elevators and cleaning hordes
of sand and being pussy whipped by a cat." I smirked at him.

Ophelia meowed behind us in agreement. "You can be quiet, Fee. Or I'll eat all
the leftovers."

Alex smirked, "Do you always have conversations with your cat?"

I nodded. "Fee knows all my secrets."

"Oh really?" He grinned and looked back over the couch. "Ophelia, you and I need
to have a little chat."

"Good luck with that. She's a brat."


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTQxODI0Mzc4M119
-->