#  Falling Apart Again

I still didn't like it but it was better. Alex's hands were full with his bags
and I had bags too but that didn't stop Alex from pressing himself against me
while we rode up in the elevator, "Just in case." He said as if he was preparing
for me to freak out.

I leaned against him more than I leaned against the wall, I pressed my face to
his neck and caught a nose full of the things I had been avoiding. "Fuck!" I
whispered out without meaning to but I never moved from his body. He was warm
and comforting and in all reality I didn't care what he smelled like I could
block it out but I liked the way he smelled. Wanted to drown in him and just
him.

Alex whispered, "I can take another shower if you think it'll help." The doors
dinged open and we walked off the elevator to my floor. Alex looked around a
little lost. "How the fuck do you find your way around this place?"

"You get used to it. Just think about my room and the door will glow, and if you
get lost the doors will point the way." I pointed at the glowing runes and the
direction the colors were changing. It was like the dangerous curve lights on
the side of the highways up in the mountains. 'Go this way', they said.

"Still, I don't know how you do it. What about your human friends?"

"Mia and Jace see what they expect to see. The human eyes are trained to see
what they expect. They don't see what they don't believe in."

"You mean magic?"

I shrugged. "I guess, but there are people who are attuned to the occult, and
see the magic of your world."

"Why do I?"

"Because you're a path. Your brain is wired differently and you can see the
truth of thing."

"I'm nothing special."

I smiled at him. "You are special, even if you don't feel that much different
from anyone else. I mean you can hear someone else's thoughts. You don't think
that's special?"

Alex let out a curt laugh, "Looks who's talking?"

I grinned at him. "I'm not special in my world. I'm just like everyone else
except not as good as they are." I shrugged. "I'm special in your world because
I can do unfathomable things, but here, I'm just another grunt doing the work."

"So I'm special you aren't?" He grinned at me - mocking my words. "I can live
with that."

"Me too." I said. The door to our right started blinking furiously. "Touch the
door."

Alex looked at me, and a smirk grew on his face, "Sounds kinda kinky."

I laughed. "Please?"

"Ah, fuck! Don't say it like that." Alex sighed and touched the door and it
swung inward. "What the fuck?"

"It's attuned to you."

"Why? You barely know me I could walk in now, steal your stuff and walk out and
you'd never know."

"I'd know when the things were missing and I'd know who did it. The runes can be
read and understood and keep records of things."

"But there are no cameras?" Alex said looking around.

"It's dna encoded, or magic or something, but it uses something very specific to
you to open for you." Alex pushed the door open and I used a weave of air to
shut it behind us.

"Where's your cat?"

I shrugged. "Dunno, she'll show up around dinner time. The door is attuned to
Fee too. She can come and go as she pleases. She just has to walk by it and
it'll open for her then close behind her."

"Handy. Where do you want me to put this?" He lifted the bag of beverages he
purchased.

I shrugged. "Find a place. I usually keep the wine in the fridge."

Alex grinned, "I could leave it here on the counter so it looked like you were a
lush."

"And then my father might drink it all and you'd not have anything to drink when
you came over." I taunted back.

"Just blame it on your Dad." He grinned. He set the other bag on the bar and
stood near the door. I was afraid he was going to bolt without his pancakes. I'd
said a lot, thought a lot and now he was running away again.

He shook his head, "I'm going to grab a shower, see if I can't make you feel a
little more comfortable." He headed off in the direction of my drawers, "I'm
going to borrow a pair of shorts and a t-shirt." He turned and looked at me
almost as if he were afraid I'd say no it would make things worse.

"Borrow whatever you want." I grinned and watched him open up the top drawer
tentatively.

He was smirking as he made a visible sigh of relief. "You think I have some red
lingerie in there or something?"

Alex guffawed with a grin and grabbed a t-shirt. Then opened up the second to
bottom drawer on the other side and pulled out a pair of shorts. He even did so
from the right spot so I wouldn't freak out later. "Reading my mind are you?"

He smiled. "You are an open book. I'm truly amazed at what just sits on top. I
don't even have to dig for those deep dark secrets." He looked up and his smile
slipped a little, "Making your own porns?"

I shook my head. "No. But…" I sighed, "I'm sure Sage has kept some of the things
he's seen on it."

"What?"

I sighed. "The camera was installed to see if we could catch anything on video
while I went through my nightmares. Sage hacked it the first time he was here
after i installed it. We had an arrangement."

"You let him what, watch you get fucked?" His anger grew on his face.

"I've never brought anyone home until you. You are the first person other than
my friends to walk in this door."

"What about your fucking vampire prince? He's been here."

"I've never had sex with Ant. Not once, not ever. There was a time, a very short
time in which it might have happened, but I didn't go through with it."

"Why not?"

I dropped my eyes again and I heard him growl as he stalked towards me. "Because
I was in love with someone else. It's not Ant's fault his bite is intoxicating.
And it's not my fault the power is like bacon to vampires." I wanted to laugh,
to lighten the mood, but the tension in the room was so high that even the joke
Armande made had me wanting to curl up and forget things - forget the world and
just die. I closed myself off, not from Alex but from myself. He could read me,
I didn't care if he got it all. It was better if he saw how fucked up I was now
and left before I got too attached. "But I never had sex with him. We are close
but it's not romantic, or sexual even if it looks that way on the outside. I
already told you I have a desire, a need to touch and Ant isn't shy and… " I
stopped talking. I was only going to make things worse. So I started putting the
groceries away.

The baking supplies except for the eggs and milk went above the stove and I
reached up and shoved them into the cabinet. And sighed as I turned around. Alex
was still standing by the drawers watching me. "If the camera is a big deal." I
reached out my hand and wove a plate of air and smashed the camera that had been
stuck to my ceiling for the past 5 years. "We never see anything on it anyway."
Just me sleeping and the blood flowing through the sheets. My power wasn't
captured on camera, just the physical representations they made. The tentacles
of elements were raw material not actual things but they felt real. Did real
damage.

The weave of air floated down with the debris on it from the camera and I put it
in the garbage bin . I'd remove the remaining black plate on the ceiling later.
I risked meeting Alex's eyes and frowned, "Are you staying for pancakes?"

He blinked at me and then up at the ceiling. "I think I should go." Alex set the
shirt and shorts on the top of my dresser and looked at me. "I've lost my
appetite and I just keep setting you off."

"No. Don't go." I whined and clamped my mouth shut at the sound of my own voice.
I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Whatever you need to do Alex."

"If I stay I'm only going to make you worse. And I know you have an important
case and I'm just a distraction."

I sighed and turned around. "If you leave I'm just going to curl up in bed and
do nothing anyway." I said as I put away the bacon, eggs and milk. I could call
Ant but that would be exactly what Alex thought I'd do and I was pretty sure he
already hated the vampire. I don't need to give Alex another reason to do so.
Ant was my friend. Nothing more.

I stood there waiting for him to move. To do something. He just watched me. I
felt his touch in my head. He wasn’t digging just listening to the mess in my
head. Everything hurt. I was having a hard time breathing. My thoughts reached
in every direction. I could barely think straight. I couldn't do it anymore. I
sat down on the kitchen floor, my back to the corner cabinets. My arms hung over
my knees and my head hung low. I didn't cry. I just sat there taking deep
breaths and trying to get a hold of myself.

The door opened and closed without so much as a goodbye. I felt the tears fall
then. Why was I so broken?Scene Break
 Small Talk

We talked. Rather I talked and he asked a bazillion questions. Sometimes he'd
ask about something I hadn't even said out loud. Which was weird, but oddly
familiar. It was a vague deja vu moment. He'd come at three and we talked while
we ate and around five Alex was leaning against the couch stroking his full
stomach absently. He'd eaten all my leftovers. My threat to Fee was carried out
however unintentional it was. "I'm gonna have to be careful around you."

"Why's that?" I asked.

"I keep eating like this I'm gonna get fat." His hand lifted his shirt revealing
a slip of tight skin and I couldn't help but stare.

"I'll make sure you don't get fat." I broke away from the delectable spot to
look into those ice blue orbs that made me catch my breath every time with a
smile. "I can help you work those extra calories off."

There was a light in his eyes and I slid to the floor and moved between his
legs. He watched me with those gorgeous eyes and I kept looking into them lost
by the depths of the blue and the widening of his pupils. It went straight to my
cock.

I looked up at him and bit my bottom lip. "May I?"

"May you what?" he asked as if he wasn't reading my mind.

"Touch you."

"Are you always going to ask to touch me?" Alex cocked his head to the side
trying to figure me out.

"Probably." I shrugged. "I have a tendency to touch too much. Margo says it's my
undeveloped need for comfort and safety by someone I trust and I've gotten this
shit kicked out of me for innocent touching more than I have for gropping the
wrong guy's girl."

"Margo your girlfriend?" he asked shifting back a little, like he was trying to
get away from me.

"My therapist."

There was a sigh of relief that escaped his lips before he retorted, "So you are
just fucked up not dating someone."

I laughed. "Yeah. I'm fucked up." I tossed my head back my hair had fallen into
my face and it was annoying the shit out of me. But the errant strands fell back
to where they were and I ran my fingers through my hair shoving them back into
place. That's what i get for not styling it after my shower.

My hand was still above my head when Alex sat up suddenly and put his index
finger to my right temple. "So why do all of you wear this tattoo. Says hey look
there is a cult of psycho killers living here."

"Only people attuned to the occult can see the tattoo. Normal humans just see a
human. It's the only defining feature between a Venatori and a Human. At a
visible level. Genetically there is a big difference. Blood type, cells that
sort of thing. But it's part of our ceremony at graduation. A test of sorts.
You'll see kids running around without the mark, we don't get them till we are
18."

"Has anyone ever told you you talk too much?" Alex asked.

"All the time." I grinned. "But there is an easy way to shut me up."

"What's that?" The smirk on his face grew wider as he listened to my thoughts
about all the different ways he could shut me up.

"Take your pick."

"None of those ways actually help me work off those calories we were talking
about."

I laughed. "I have a name now I can scream out if you wanna go with what I
suggested at Aspect."

Alex shifted forward to the edge of the couch and I was eye level with his
adam's apple and I bit my bottom lip to keep from kissing him. He hadn't given
me permission to touch him and i wanted to so badly. My fingers clenched and
unclenched at my sides. I could feel his breath against my skin. The only sounds
in the room were the beating of our hearts and the air leaving our breath in
jagged draws.

"Why don't you just touch me?" Alex's voice so close to my ear made me shiver.

"I can't."

"I know you want to, it's the only thing on your mind."

I looked up into those blue eyes that were so close, yet so far away from me.
"You didn't say I could." I could. I knew he would let me. This wasn't an
accident but I couldn't. I never could. I always asked and they usually agreed
in the moment never actually even knew what I was doing.

"Why do you need permission?" He shifted closer and off the couch forcing me to
sit on my heels as he rested on my legs. My heart was trying to pound it's way
out of my chest and the blood was all rushing to my cock. It was difficult to
think much less speak. He shifted his knees trapping me against the coffee
table, the glass edge digging into the scars on my back. "Why?" He asked again.

I dropped my eyes and the answer came out in a bare whisper, "Because it was
what I was taught."

"You were taught to have sex?" He laughed, not a funny ha ha laugh though, a
cold laugh. I had no idea what had just happened but he seemed angry all of a
sudden. He climbed off of my lap and I was cold - so much colder now.

"Not to have sex." I gasped. "I was taught I had power even though I was a
bottom." I growled.

""You don't look or act like a bottom." He said as he took the couple of steps
over to look down at Fee on my bed. So play time was over I guess. I uncurled
from where he'd left me on the floor to clean up.

"Looks can be deceiving." I said as I walked into the kitchen with the used
plates and glasses. I was done. My heart was racing for a whole different
reason. I could feel the anxiety crawling up my spine. It was like a spider
looking for that perfect fly on its web. Just the right place to spin its web.

""Why did you need to have power?" He asked. I didn't know what he was doing, I
knew he was over by Ophelia. I wouldn't be surprised if she got up and left the
room with all the tension radiating in the room.

I shrugged, "Why do you think?" I spared a glance in Alex's direction. Fee was
still lying on my pillow and he was just looking at her.

"I don't know." He said, and turned to look at me. I could feel him looking
around for the answers in my head, so I thought of how I used to go to bars
looking to get laid. I showed him the memories of the first guy who fucked me.
How he'd treated me. How I felt. Why I felt that way was irrelevant. How it had
set me up for the next few men I sought out.

He stared at me until I was done then his head moved in the slightest shake of
denial. I could see a muscle in his jaw ticking and he had jammed his hands in
his pockets otherwise I thought he would be pulling at his own hair. Abruptly he
growled. "I gotta go." He didn't even fake a phone call this time.

Fuck! He was leaving? I’d fucked it all up as usual! "We still on for tomorrow?"
My voice shook as I asked but I had to know if I still had plans or if I needed
to figure out what the fuck to do with that time.

He blinked at me. "I…. "

"It's not a problem. I'm used to people treating me like shit. Don't let the
door hit you on the way out." I said with a raised hand and the door opened. I
started washing the dishes. I expected to be alone. But as I turned the water on
I felt hands brush against my waist and then he had me trapped me between him
and the counter. "Why are you still here?"

He didn't say anything for a long moment, just leaned into me pressing me
against the counter. I could feel his breath on my neck when he spoke, his tone
apologetic. "I wasn't angry with you. But I couldn't listen to how you let
people hurt you."

"You were the one who pushed." I sighed, "Please back up. I don't like feeling
trapped."

He stiffened and the smirk was back when he said, "That wasn't the vibe I got
earlier." But he backed up an inch so I could breathe.

"That was different." I said trying to hide the anxiety that was creeping up my
back.

"How?" Alex asked sounding genuinely curious.

"Before it was about sex. Now it's not."

"Who says it's not?" Alex breathed in my ear but he kept his distance from me
while still holding me against the counter.

I closed my eyes. "I'm about to have a fucking meltdown, and it is hardly sexy
to watch me break." My voice cracked, on the verge of tears. There wasn't much
control left.

"This why you see a therapist?" He asked softly, his hands wrapping around my
waist pulling me against me. His face pressed against my neck and his arms
wrapped around me holding me tighter.

It was too much. I felt the tears fall. "Among other things." I said. I tried
not to go through the litany of things wrong with me in my head. And I only
accomplished the minor feat because he held me.

Alex reached across and turned the water off. He didn't say anything as he
turned and grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the bed. Ophelia turned and
looked at us then moved without even a shoo. She leapt from the bed and curled
around Alex's legs and then walked to the door. It closed behind her as it
always did.

Alex sat down on the bed and kicked off his shoes then shifted to the middle of
the bed pulling me with him. I laid down only because I wanted to curl up and
cry. I needed to calm down. I could barely breath from the panic setting in.

"Jesus Fucking Christ, Nox. You need to calm down." He jammed his fingers into
his hair and pulled in frustration, just like I had expected him to earlier. I
wanted to apologize, but there was no speaking left I just curled around my
pillow and closed my eyes but Alex pulled the pillow from me. "No. Turn around,
come here." He pulled at me and I followed.

I pressed my face against his neck and took a deep breath. I counted backwards
and breathed deep of the man holding me. I didn't know why he was doing this,
but I didn't care in that moment. I was just glad he stayed.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE0Nzg3NTE4NjJdfQ==
-->