# Scene Breakfast for Dinner

I heard a second door shut but it didn't register beyond the sound in my head.
And then there was another click of the door and I raised my head wiping my eyes
with the back of my hands. The bathroom door shut was the first thing I
registered. And then there was a small head pushing against my hand and I looked
down at Ophelia
 Not So Poetic (Alex)

I didn't pay very good attention when I came up to Nox's room, or everything
just looked the same. It was probably the latter. SThe was purring and headbutting me so I picked her up and she
curled up in my arms and I scratched her head and between her shoulder blades.

A few moments later I realized the bathroom shower was running. "Why did he
stay?" I asked Fee, though she just purred in my arms.

I sat her downlls were straight white
with glowing runes on them. Each one was slightly different but they were all
this light electric blue, if I didn't think I'd get caught I would have touched
one onf on the floor and stood up. I'd put all the groceries awaother doors. But I kept my that
we'd… he'd bought in my haste to calm down. I got it all back out and started
making pancakes. I focused on nothing more than those actions, but my mind
drifted to the things we'd fought about. I wasn't sure I was going to be able to
manage this. If he got upset about Ands to myself. I wasn't here to get in
trouble. I was walking around the hornet’s nest and I was escaping free and
clear.

I found the elevator event ut all the time, then I'd have to stop being
friends with Ant and I wasn't sure I could handle it. Handle that much change.

I took a deep breath and focused again on the task of making pancakes. Eggs, and
milk. Flour, baking powder, sugar, vanilla extract. It was all relatively simple
in the righty, it had taken me longer to find it than it had
to have Nox lead me to his room. I think I went in circles a few times.

I didn't think amb amounts. I laid the bacon out methodically on a pan before sticking
it in the oven to cook. I beat eggs into submission and set them aside for
later.

I made a pot of coffee in tht anything as I rode the elevator down. I wanted to push him
from my head. His words, his friends - his fucking vampire frie french press. I rarely used it since it was
time-consuming and I'd rather just use the coffee pot. But this helped with the
whole calming down thing. The focus and attention to detail. Every detail
mattered, not becauseds. What I
didn't get is how he gave in so easily. He had started to protest but then he
caved. I was tryliking to impreshis Alex. I was way beyond that. I
just didn't want to be a mess wss and less. I knew hen he came out. He was showering for me. I don't
know whyad certain preferences, but he I
was here and I would reward that with food. But I wasn't making
it extra special for him, no I did that for me. I needed to be in my happy place
and this was one way to get there. The only thing I was missing was music, but
in my current mood, I would probably fall off the deep end if I listened to
anything.

I listened to the butter sizzle on the hot pan as I dropped the first set of
pancakes on the griddle. It was almost as good as music. The water in the
bathroom turned off and my heart started to pound harder in my chest. The
clothes Alex had picked out were still on top of the dresser. I flipped the
pancakes and then walked to the dresser and picked up the shirt and shorts then
knocked on the door. I didn't wait for an answer as I slipped the clothes
through the barely open door. "Figured you might want these now," I said then
closed the door.

I know I probably upset him but not opening it, or staying or looking or any
number of things, but right now I needed to be back in the kitchen. The small
gesture was overwhelming me and I needed to get back to myself.

I buttered the fresh pancakes and put them on a plate, then set to make another
batch. I probably had three more sets to make and then I could finish off
breakfast with the eggs. The bacon was making my apartment smell great and my
stomach rumbled. Ophelia sat on the counter waiting. I found her cream in the
fridge and poured her a bowl and warmed it quickly with a weave of fire. She
purred gratefully and I went back to paying attention to my pancakes.

I noticed the door to the bathroom open but I didn't look, I didn't want to see
him in my clothes, coming out of my bathroom. I could smell him from there even
over the bacon. I didn't smell others on him, and I tried to focus on only the
bacon I didn't want to make him mad. I…

"You have to stop Nox," Alex said from across the room.

I looked up at him in confusion. "Stop thinking like that." I dropped my gaze
back to my pancakes. I knew it would make him mad but as I did it I walled
myself off. From everything, my sight, my hearing, the smells. I made everything
go away. The sting from the magic bursting at the edges tinged my eyesight. But
I focused on the pancakes.

"That's not much better." He said, this time much closer than before. "Can I
have a cup of coffee?"

I looked at him and blinked. Then slowly nodded. "Make yourself at home," I said
politely though I heard the pain in my voice.

"It really hurts you to shield so tightly?"

I shrugged. "Dorian told me it's because I have too many kinds fighting each
other. But even he is only speculating."

"Why do you think it happens?"

I shrugged again. I didn't have an answer for him.

Alex started opening up the cabinets looking for a coffee cup. "It would be
easier if you would just let me read you."

I shook my head and flipped the pancakes. "No. that's not a good idea."

He opened a few more and shook his head, "I should have looked above the coffee
pot first."

I was pretty sure he was just looking through my cabinets. Alex poured two cups
of coffee and handed me a cup black and made his own - cream and two sugars. I
smiled knowing I'd gotten it right when I'd ordered earlier.

I finished another set of pancakes and started the last bunch. Alex was standing
behind me, his coffee cup sitting next to mine and his hands on the edge of the
stove trapping me there. He pressed his lips to my neck and then whispered.
"Nox, let the shield go."

It wasn't a request. And I let it go without even thinking about it. The
stinging stopped but the flurry of everything hit me full force and my knees
buckled for a moment, Alex's body keeping me from collapse as I caught myself
from falling. I closed my eyes, while reigned in the patterns, and the senses. I
hadn't meant to let everything go, not all at once.

Alex gasped behind me. "Fuck!" He backed up a little, "You okay?"

I nodded slowly, "I let go of everything and I didn't mean too."

"Okay." I took the last of the pancakes off and started the eggs. "Everything
smells great."

"Thanks. I need to get the bacon out of the oven."

Alex took a step back and I opened the oven and grabbed the out pan without a
glove. Alex yelled, "Nox.."

I put the bacon down on the stove top and looked back at him. "I forget that
normal people can't suck the heat out of things. I didn't mean to scare you."

Alex grabbed my hands and kicked the oven closed examining my hands like I'd
burnt them. "Don't do that again please?"

"I'll try to remember."

I pulled my hands from his and turned to finish the eggs. "Can you get three
plates?"

I didn't wait to see if he'd comply but I heard him set the plates down and he
was picking up pancakes and dropping them on a plate with his fingers. I smirked
a little as he did the same for the bacon which was hot and greasy and he
dropped them quickly then licked his fingers. I dropped a pile of eggs on his
plate as he walked to the fridge to get the ice cream. He brushed my back with
his arm as he walked past me. "Alex?"

"Don't say it, Nox."

"But I am," I said, he knew what I was going to say. He knew I was going to
apologize and he didn't want to hear it. I don't know if that was a good thing
or a bad thing.

Alex set the ice cream down next to his plate and then turned me around so my
back was against the countertop. "Me too." He said, then pressed his lips to
mine. "We'll both try harder." He said after he pulled away and was already
taking the ice cream scoop to the vanilla ice cream and dropping it on his
pancakes.

And then he took it all to the coffee table around the bar.

He only made one plate. "I would have made your's but I don't know what you'll
eat." He said as he sat down.

I made my plate with eggs, bacon and a pancake. And sat down next to Alex. But
apparently not close enough for his liking as he moved over and his leg was
pressed against mine. I smiled and we ate in companionable silence - except for
the soft sounds Alex made with each bite.
beginning to think there was more to it than that.

The elevator hit ground level and I walked out of the building without a second
glance at the statue the brown eyed boy made. My little monster - and he had
been mine then but I didn’t know who the fuck he was now. I walked out the front
doors and when I saw the diner across the street I made a decision. I wasn't
hungry but I hated this feeling. And I wanted to feel happy.

He'd pretty much thrown me out. Twice. He chose his friends over me. His words
didn't say so, he'd told me I could stay. But he was relieved when I told him I
was leaving. Fucking relieved. After I had calmed him down. I had information
for Poet.

So after I sat down and order a large pile of pancakes topped with ice cream, a
strawberry milkshake with fries I dialed Poet's number. It wasn't late not even
nine yet.

Poet picked up the phone in a chipper mood, "Alex, my favorite telepath. What
can I do for you?"

"You can listen while I tell you all about your fucking Venatori pet project."

"Already?" He sounded surprised.

"He's an open fucking book. Anyone can do this job. He says what he thinks and
hardly ever lies. I think there is an obsessive compulsion with the truth along
with 80 billion other things he's OCD about."

My food arrived and I took a sip of the milkshake and groaned. I really didn't
think that was a good idea. My stomach was still quite full from dinner and the
milkshake was heavy.

"So what can you tell me about Mr. Sétanta. Something I don't already know."

Where should I start. "He's afraid of heights, flying, needles and clowns. And I
don't mean normal people afraid. He's a complete nut job, Poet. You know he's
friends with a lot of people, but he's not like any other Venatori. None I know
about, anyway, and he thinks very outside the box. I got the vibe from the
people in the elevator that he's an outcast. Someone they want to get rid of."

"Interesting." Poet said in response to my rambling.

"I did one up Reaper though. I got access to their network. You'll get that bill
soon as the cash clears into my hackers account. I'll send the bill with the
access." I hadn't had time to delve into the information, but I had the Wicked
Truth copying everything to a secure file system so I can look at later.

"Alex, my boy. You've done great. Tell me though, what are his weaknesses? What
can I do to exploit these flaws? How could I use his strengths to benefit me,
and others like you. Is he malleable?"

"I just told you everything I learned."

"So learn more Alex. I want everything."

I growled. "Do you have any fucking clue what you are asking me to do Poet? He's
a fucking nut job. He's been seeing a therapist for god knows how long. He had
two fucking breakdowns in the time I was with him. You need to pay me more."

"Alex. I'm already paying you five times, expenses and a favor. That is more
than enough compensation for a little hand holding. Don't you think?"

I growled. "Fine." Then hung up the phone. I was looking at the plate and I was
glad that I hadn't gotten ice cream on the pancakes. I waited for my waitress to
come back. I gave her a smile and she returned it in kind. "Sorry to do this but
can I get this all to go."

"Of course honey. Anything else?"

"No, that's it."

She took my plates away and left me alone to my thoughts. Poet wanted more. What
the fuck was I going to do?


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTU3NTg2MDk2NCwtOTIzODEwODAyXX0=
-->