#  Heavy Burdens

We ate. Well, Alex ate I watched him. He was thoroughly enjoying the pancakes
and ice cream. I picked at my eggs and bacon. "Not hungry?"

"I'm just enjoying watching you eat."

Alex's eyebrow arched, "It's not that interesting."

"It is if you are me." I reached across and grabbed his free hand and placed it
my lap. I grinned at him. "Trust me. It's very interesting watching your mouth
move and listening to all the little sounds you make."

Alex smirked and pulled his hand back. "I think I'm keeping my hands to myself
for a little while longer." He picked up a forkful of pancakes and deliberately
ate it slowly while I watched. I bit my bottom lip and stifled a groan as he
swallowed. "The ice cream will melt and the pancakes will get soggy."

I held my hand over his pancakes and sucked all the heat from the area with a
simple weave and heated the pancakes so enough that they didn't chill from the
siphoned energy. I smirked at him. "I can fix that for you."

He gave me a curious look and when he went for his next bite he felt the cool
air around his plate and pulled his hand out of the cone and then put it back
inside several times testing the phenomenon. "That's cheating." He said.

I laughed as I expanded the cone to encompass us. Ophelia meowed loudly and went
out the front door. "I didn't want you here anyway," I called after her.

"Are you trying to freeze me now?" Alex asked rubbing his arms.

"Too cold?" I asked.

"I might need some warming up."

I smirked. "I thought you were interested in your pancakes."

"You were interested in my pancakes." He taunted back.

"I was interested in your mouth and the little sounds you were making." I
clarified.

Alex nodded and polished off the last of his pancakes - probably faster than
he'd have liked. "Can you put the room back to normal temperature please?" He
asked with his mouth still partially full of the last bit of pancake.

I dropped the weave and nodded. "I'm sorry."

He smiled at me and I wanted nothing more than to kiss him. His smile turned
into a smirk, "You have a one-track mind."

"Sex, sex and more sex?" I asked.

Alex chuckled and put his fork down on the plate. "Are you going to eat?" I
shook my head.

"I'll eat later."

Alex shifted so his back was to the arm of the chair and waggled a finger at me.
"Come here."

My breath caught in my throat and I obeyed without question. I crawled the
length of the couch and positioned myself above him. Alex stared down the length
of my body and then looked up and met my eyes. "How long can you stay like
that?"

I shrugged, "I'm usually on the bottom, I don't know."

"Oh really?" Alex teased. His hands cupped my face and he pulled me down to kiss
deeply. My body quaked at his touch and I sank down on top of him. He broke the
kiss laughing, "Not so strong after all."

I pressed my face into his neck and groaned, "I…" I took a deep breath. "I can
hold for as long as you demand it, Alex," I said against his neck.

Alex squirmed underneath me so that he was sitting more than lying down now.
"Did someone make you do that?"

I shrugged. "I did a lot of things for Adrian because he told me to."

"Your therapist?"

I didn't move but nodded, "Sorta. I told you I was taught to be submissive."

Alex growled, "Something about power and how men treated you."

I wanted to move but Alex had a death grip on my shirt, pinning me against him.
We were going to talk about this apparently. Talk was good. But in this
instance, I didn't want to feel trapped.

Alex let out a huff of air and flung his arm off of me. But I didn't move. "I
thought you felt trapped." He said.

"You aren't pinning me to you. I can stay here. I won't move."

Alex shoved me off him. "I don't want a fucking submissive."

I sighed. "I don't want a dom," I said picking up my plate and walking it around
to the kitchen where I scraped it off into the garbage, the only thing I'd eaten
was the bacon.

"Then what the fuck do you want Nox?"

I shrugged. "I don't want a dom. I want someone who understands that's all."

I pressed the palms of my hands into the counters. My feet were spread
shoulder-width apart. I'd done so many times before as a child and a teenager.
The complete submission could have come, but I stood straight then dropped to
the floor and to the corner where I'd been when Alex went to the shower. "I
don't need a dominate. I need a partner. I need someone who's willing to help
carry the burden of what it means to be me."

"Everyday" I started and dropped my head against the cabinets and stared up at
the ceiling. "Everyday, it's a fight to control what I am. When I was 5 the very
first person who was supposed to help me forged in me the absolute compulsion to
obey. If I didn't come into the classroom and put my hands on the wall, spread
my legs and submit, once I did, and I always did, he would lay into me. Except
to everyone watching, I stood against the way like that for hours. He slipped
inside my head, made me dream. Beat me until I sparked. I learned to control
every aspect of my being to please him. I still have nightmares every night of
him, hurting me, of the beatings I took at his hands. The fear of misbehaving,
or stepping wrong."

I sighed. "I need someone who is going to take some of that burden, to release
some of that control, just so I don't overwhelm myself. I learned at a very
early age that I was weak. I couldn't be what everyone else was. So I worked
harder, controlled more and more. And after the first time I hooked up with a
random guy in a bar, I found a release. I could let them abuse me, leave myself
raw and broken and they wouldn't care. Adrian showed me I didn't need to be
broken and raw and weak even if I gave up power. I could be whole and still give
up control, channel it in a positive way. So if my submissive nature bothers
you, you know where the door is. I can't change it and honestly, Alex. I don't
want to."

I could hear Alex breathing on the other side of the room. He hadn't moved. But
he hadn't left yet either. I didn't know what he was going to do. I didn't have
the benefit of reading his mind. I didn't have any advantage here. I could warm
the room, make it freezing cold. I could create a firestorm that never burnt a
thing and I wanted to. I wanted to let loose the pain and the frustration. I
wanted to but I didn't. I sat staring at the ceiling.

I heard Alex get up from the couch and I heard his bare feet pad across my
floor. I saw the shadow of his form and then he was towering above me. His blue
eyes were ablaze and he stared at me. "I don't know what to say to all that." He
shook his head, "I don't understand. I don't understand any of it." He knelt
down and I followed him down never breaking eye contact. "I don't know why
someone would hurt a beautiful boy like you. I don't know why you'd let someone
hurt you. You have all this power and you let people run over you like a
semi-truck. All I want to do is take you home, bury you under a pile of blankets
and tell the world to fuck off. They can't have you. Why do you let people do
that to you Nox?"

I felt the tears falling down my cheeks. I couldn't explain it to him. He didn't
understand. He'd never understand. He wasn't Venatori. He was a human in my
world.

"Explain it to me Nox."

"What do you want me to explain," I growled at him. "The Venatori are a fucked
up people. They beat kids because it teaches them control. They send us into
camps where they don't care about anything other than our survival. They don't
care if the weaker kids are abused and raped and that they have a hard time
adapting. They force men and women to have children that they don't want with
people who don't love them. They raise their children to see inside this tiny
little box because it's fucking how it's always done." I broke eye contact and
stood up. "This is my life, Alex. I'm fucked up. How I was raised was fucked up.
Everything about this is fucked up. We deal with the hand we've been dealt and
we do with it what we can. I submit because I need to. Or I'll go fucking
insane. The battles to be fought aren't ones that need to save me. But there are
people out there who can't stand up for themselves. Who don't get that right. So
I'll do it. I'll be the Venatori's punching bag while I do what I can for Abby,
and Liam and for every other fucking supernatural creature I get to save because
I can take anything the Venatori give to me. And I'll submit to their rules and
their beatings and I'll do what it takes because I can. I'm that strong, but I
need help. I need someone free me of myself." I walked away from Alex still
kneeling on the floor.

My heart was racing and I wanted to hit something. I needed to hit something to
do something. I didn't want to fight with Alex. I didn't want to be broken in
front of him. I didn't want to give him any more reason to run or hate me. I'd
shown one person the real me and he never showed up.

I stared out the plate glass window of my room, out into the darkening city. It
looked quiet but I knew it wasn't. I was aware of Alex moving towards the bed
and where his things had been laid. I closed my eyes and fought back the tears
that were going to fall. He was going to leave again.

"Nox" Alex called from my bed. I turned to look at him and there was no smile,
no smirk, a dead serious expression on his face as he curled his finger and
beckoned me.

I shook my head. I wasn't… I didn't… Alex spoke quietly, "Come here, Nox." He
dropped his hands to his thighs and waited for me to move. And when I didn't he
stalked over to me and stopped just in front of me. I could feel his breath on
my skin, his heart was racing. "I thought you listened better than this."

I blinked at him in confusion. He took my wrists in his hands and pressed them
behind me, wrapping his arms around me and stepping against me. His breath on my
neck and I could smell him, just him, only him and I relaxed. "Show me how well
you can listen pretty boy."

My breath caught in my throat and I relaxed even farther into his arms. I
nodded. I couldn't speak. I had no words and it was hard to breathe. "Touch me,"
Alex commanded softly against my skin.

"Where?" I breathed out slowly still trying to catch my breath.

"Where ever you want." He said, straightening his body and letting go of my arms
so I could touch him.

My eyes dropped as I raised my hand to his cheek and ran the back of my hand
down towards his neck. His fingers lifted my chin up. "Look at me."

I smiled and licked my lips as my fingers trailed down his arm. When I reached
his wrist I ran my hand over his back and under his shirt. The press of his warm
skin against my fingers made my eyes close, but I popped them open and he was
smirking, "That's fine, I don't want you to look down unless you are watching
what you do to me."

I gave him a slight nod to acknowledge what he'd said even as my fingers played
with the skin at his waistband. "Can I undress you?" I asked.

He smirked at me, "I think that would be a good idea."

I grabbed the hem of his shirt and tugged it over his head. It was my shirt, but
I was more than happy to let him borrow my clothes. He was wider in the shoulder
so the shirt was snug at there but the rest fit comfortably.

I traced my fingers over the tattoo in his arm and found a scar beneath the ink.
I gave him a questioning look, "What's that from?" I asked.

He smiled. "Some guy tried to shoot me and missed."

My eyes went wide and Alex leaned forward and pressed a kiss to my lips, His
parting breath he said, "Don't worry about it, Pretty boy, it was a long time
ago and I'm fine."

My fingers caressed his side and Alex squirmed a little. I bit my bottom lip and
did it again. I teased the ticklish spot again and Alex groaned, "I'm not as
practiced as you." He grabbed my hand and pressed it to his stomach.

I ran my fingers over his tight abs and groaned. Alex smiled and took a step
back. He waggled a finger at me and I followed dutifully keeping my eyes on his.
His legs bumped the bed and he sat down and slide backward. He smiled at me.
Alex patted the bed on either side of him and I straddled his legs with my own
and my fingers touched his chest. He whispered, "Kiss me."

I leaned forward and kissed him.
Scene Break
 The Morning After (Alex)

I went home - to my apartment as planned. The space wasn't quite as nice as the
one I had been staying in for appearances. But it was the closest thing I had to
home. Everything in it was mine, not some pre-furnished shit that came with the
place. Needless to say it was sparse, but it had all the things I needed.

I went past my couch and through the kitchen. Stopped to put the leftovers in
the fridge. Then I went into the hall that led to the bedrooms and I pushed open
my door. I collapsed on the bed and fell into a light sleep. I hadn't meant to
hit the dream plane. I wanted to sleep - a good deep dreamless sleep but that
wasn't happening.

Without the little monster to dream of I spun on into the dream plane. The vast
empty void that wasn't a void. Everyone saw it a little different, mine was a
bunch of bubbles floating in the air with connections running every which
direction. You could get lost in the tangled mess if you didn't know how to
navigate them. Kish told me hers looked like a giant jigsaw puzzle. Each piece
fitting into a pattern to make a larger picture. She told me Solomon's was like
windows into their dreams.

No one had a reason why, only that I saw the connections of people. I could
easily see everyone else's connections but not my own. But I knew how to find
them. I hunted for one in particular. He'd been eluding me since I got this job.
How could someone not dream - not be on the plane. The bubbles were vaguely
place in geographical location. So if I walked the same way I'd come technically
I could get back to Pretty Boy's dreams. But I'd tried that so many times. The
whole Apex Unlimited building was like a pillar of bubbles and all of it was
shielded tight. As soon as I got close I had the overwhelming desire to puke my
guts out. It was off limits.

The only other places I couldn't enter were vampire dens. And I truly didn't
want to know what vampires dreamt of so I stayed away. Not that I could enter
even if I wanted to. Their warding was not an overwhelming desire, their shield
hurt, it was painful and Kish said eventually that pain would kill you.

I didn't know how to get into that building much less to pretty boy, but there
had been a time when I didn't need to. When he'd call and I'd be there.

The painful memories were enough to pull me from my light sleep. And I was more
than grateful for a chance to close my eyes and truly just sleep.

Sleep came and my alarm went off at 9am. Why the fuck had I set an alarm? I
glanced at my phone and growled to myself. "Fuck!" I had an appointment with
Janice.

I crawled out of bed and grabbed a quick shower. I don't remember what I dreamt
about but it left me feeling groggy. The shower was hot and losend up all the
tight muscles from a restless sleep. I wished I could remember that dream.

I pulled on a set of Brent's clothes and sighed as I looked at myself in the
mirror. What the fuck was I still doing in this get up? I was regretting the
job. But Janice… I sighed. She was going to be a weak spot. Kate was the soft
spot and Janice was filling that hole. Fuck!

The kitchen was dark and I opened the fridge and saw the pancakes and fries I'd
ordered from last night. Visages of the phone call stung my memory. Poet wanted
to know everything so I'd told him everything. No holds barred.

I stared at the boxed goodness and grabbed it from the fridge and tossed it in
the garbage. I didn't deserve to have comfort in the midst of the turmoil I was
causing. Much less how I felt. I grabbed a breakfast sandwich from the truck
down the street and walked to Janice's place. We were meeting to go over
financials. Not mine - hers. She wanted to put some more funds towards the
Children's hospital as well as other cancer foundations but she wanted to know
what I thought. Since I was more than willing to spend my own cash on the
charity.

Outside of the dungeon in her apartment it was a nice apartment. She even had
her own office space which was her charity foundation home base. Janice even had
an assistant. She was a little thing and this was the first time I'd met her. I
was never at Janice's in the morning.

"Mr. Smith. Ms. Pritchard will see you in a few moments, she's in with Mr.
Calendar." She blushed. I pulled a memory of who Mr. Calendar was and I sighed.
Jared was visiting early and apparently wearing next to nothing when he came
into the office. Now you could hear their efforts at being discreet but they
were failing miserably through the thin door.

I sat down and listened. Not to the faux quiet that the two on the other side of
the door, but to the little girl who was sitting at her desk. Her thoughts were
innocent and yet she was intrigued by the idea of Janice's playtime friends. Was
Janice missing everything right in front of her?

"Lindsay, right?" I said looking at the small blonde with big green eyes. She
smiled at me.

"Yes, Mr. Smith."

"You can call me Brent, no need to be so formal." I got up from my chair and sat
on the corner of her desk. "You know what they are doing in there?"

She blushed brighter, "I'm not daft, Mr. Smith."

"Brent." I smiled and touched her face with the tips of my fingers. "No, I mean
what they do in there?" I pointed down the hall.

Her blush grew deeper and she nodded. I grinned and put my fingers under her
chin, "Does it turn you on thinking about it. About being tied up and spanked."
I knew she did. I had read it on her mind. "Could you do what you are told
without question?"

There was no response from her mouth, but the whole idea appealed to this young
girl. "Janice and Jared are not always very attentive to their subs."

She met my eyes and frowned. "We could teach them what you need."

"We?" She asked.

"I wouldn't leave you with them without proper care." I said with a friendly
smile. "I'd make sure they took care of you before I ever let them have a sweet
innocent girl like you."

"I'm not \*\*that\*\* innocent." She blushed. I could have asked her what
exactly she meant, but I saw it playing out in her head. Lindsay had been to Ooh
with her girlfriends. She had taken her last boyfriend there and he fell in love
with one of the girls he fucked there.

I smiled at her. "Come with me." I took her hand and opened the door to Janice's
office.

"Mr. Smith she said…."

We walked into a very unnatural scene. "Janice, can we postpone our meeting,
we've another detail to discuss." I said. "We'll meet you in the playroom." I
didn't wait for an answer and I pulled along their perfect sub if I could only
get them to take care of her. Their track record sucked so far.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTY4NTY4NTg0MF19
-->