#  Time for Work

Alex had my shirt over my head before I could object or tell him no he was
sucking on my neck and it felt like he was pulling on hidden cords linked to my
cock. The sensation was bringing me closer and he moved up my neck and all I
wanted was more. But then there was pounding on my door. I growled and tried to
block it, tried to make Scene Break
 ot So Poetic (Alex)

I didn't pay very good attention when I came up to Nox's room, or everything
just looked the same. It was probably the latter. The walls were straight white
with glowing runes on them. Each one was slightly different but they were all
this light electric blue, if I didn't think I'd get caught I would have touched
one of the other door shock them but my mind was slipping away with
the press of Alex's lips against my neck.

But they started pounding on the door. s. But I kept my hands to myself. I wasn't here to get in
trouble. I was walking around the hornet’s nest and I was escaping free and
clear.

I cfoulnd thear them on the other side, two
people who wanted what. "Open the fuck up Nox." One of them yelled through the
door.

"Go away!" I grow elevator eventually, it had taken me longer to find it than it had
to have Nox lead me to his room. I think I went in circleds at them.

I heard them talking and then Walker started talking, "Come on, man it'll take
five minutes. Just open the fucking door."

I looked at Alex and he was glaring at the door. I reassured, "Just work." I
said but I don't think it worked to reassure him. "Let me get rid of them."

I slid off his lap few times.

I didn't think about anything as I rode the elevator down. I wanted to push him
from my head. His words, his friends - his fucking vampire friends. What I
didn't get is how he gave in so easily. He had started to protest but then he
caved. I was liking this less and less. I knew he had certain preferences, but I
was beginning to think there was more to it than that.

The elevator hit ground level and soI wantlked to stay there, I could so easily get to his
cock through those thin layers. I turned and pulled my shirt back down over my
head. I heard Alex gasp and cover his mouth with his hand to hide the sound he
made. Fuck! Nout of the building without a second
glance at the statue the brown eyed boy made. My little monster - and he had
been mine then but I didn’t know who the fuck he was now. I was going to have to explain that too.

Fuck! I opened the door to look through the crack and Ophelia darted inside,
Walker and Simon bullied their way past me much like Ophelia had except they
pushed me out of the way. Walker was pressing his fingers to the mark Alex had
just made, "Oh you got a girl here."

"No. I don't have a girl over." I said, "What the fuck do you want."

Simon stood staring at Alex who was pulling my shirt on over his head, "I should
go." He picked up his clothes from where he'd left them and pulled his shoes on
without any socks. "I'll see you around."

What the fuck did that mean? Alex stopped next to me by the door and pressed a
kiss long and hard to my lips. It left us both breathless, but there was no lust
or desire ilked out the front
doors and when I saw the diner across the street I made a decision. I wasn't
hungry but I hated this feeling. And I wanted to feel happy.

He'd pretty much thrown me out. Twice. He chose his friends over me. His words
didn't say so, he'd told me I could stay. But he was relieved when I told him I
was leaving. Fucking relieved. After I had calmed him down. I had information
for Poet.

So after I sat down and order a large pile of pancakes topped with ice cream, a
strawberry milkshake with fries I dialed Poet's number. It wasn't late not even
nine yet.

Poet picked up the phone in a chipper mood, "Alex, my favorite telepath. What
can I do for you?"

"You can listen while I tell you all about your fucking Venatori pet project."

"Already?" He sounded surprised.

"He's an open fucking book. Anyone can do this job. He says what he thinks and
hardly ever lies. I think there is an obsessive compulsion wit. It had been a show of possession. I was surph the truth along
with 80 billion other things he's OCD about."

My food arrisved he hadn't
sucked anoand I took a sip of ther mark on my neck. I wonder if he knew the one he'd just left was
going to fade within the hour.

Alex sighed and whispered, "Call me tomorrow, when you won't get interrupted." I
wasn't sure when that would be and Alex gave me a nod, "Call me anyway."

I nodded. I could call him.

Alex walked out of my apartment for the second time and I had the distinct
feeling he wasn't happy this time either. I turned and glared at them and
slammed the door shut, "Wilkshake and groaned. I really didn't
think that was a good idea. My stomach was still quite full from dinner and the
milkshake was heavy.

"So what can you tell me about Mr. Sétanta. Something I don't already know."

Where should I start. "He's afraid of heights, flying, needles and clowns. And I
don't mean normal people afraid. He's a complete nut job, Poet. You know he's
friends with a lot of people, but he's not like any other Venatori. None I know
about, anyway, and he thinks very outside the box. I got the vibe from the
people in the elevator that the fuck do you want?"

Simon laughed, "Don't growl at us your playmate left. Looks like he wasn't that
into you after all."

"Fuck off, what do you want?"

Walker sighed. "The Ugly Dog Saloon, you said yeah?"

"What now?" I asked slightly confused.

"You said's an outcast. Someone they want to get rid of."

"Interesting." Poet said in response to my rambling.

"I did one up Reaper though. I got access to their network. You'll get that bill
soon as the Lcast Phoenix hang out at the Ugly Dog Saloon."

I nodded. "Yeah. And you don't know where it is?"

Walker shook hish clears into my hackers account. I'll send the bill with the
access." I hadn't head. "We could ask the Archive but it would take all night
with so little staff on right now. And we figured you could just tell us."

"Like an address in Hell's Kitchen is going to help you out." I sighed. "Let me
get changed and I'll fucking go since you fucking ruined my plans."

"You planned on getting laid tonight?"

I sighed and turned around to Simon, "No, but I had planned on getting to know
the man who just fucking walked out my door - again! Dick wads couldn't wait
until tomorrow." I growled.

I didn't really care time to delve into the information, but I had the Wicked
Truth copying everything to a secure file system so I can look at later.

"Alex, my boy. You've done great. Tell me though, what are his weaknesses? What
can I do to exploit these flaws? How could I use his strengths to benefit me,
and others like you. Is he malleable?"

"I just told you everything I learned."

"So learn more Alex. I want everything."

I growled. "Do you have any fucking clue what you are asking me to do Poet? He's
a fucking nut job. He's been seeing a therapist for god knows how long. He had
two fucking breakdowns ifn they watched as I changed. They ruined my night. I slide
off my shorts and pulled on a pair of jeans and then grabbed my red hoodie and
pulled it over my head. I felt much more myself fully clothed. And out of their
prying eyes, though I would rather have been lying naked next to Alex but that
wasn't fucking happening.

I grabbed a pair of sock and pulled them on before I ushered them out the door,
"Out, now." I said. I looked around for Fee and found her curling up on her
pillow on the bed, "I'll be home when I can."

There was no nod or even an acknowledgment that I had said something. I stopped
by the door and pulled on my high tops and headed out the do time I was with him. You need to pay me more."

"Alex. I'm already paying you five times, expenses and a favor. That is more
than enough compensation for a little hand holding. Don't you think?"

I growled. "Fine." Then hung up the phone. I was looking at the plate and I was
glad that I hadn't gotten ice cream on the pancakes. I waited for my waitress to
come back. I gave her a smile and she returned it in kind. "Sorry to do this but
can I get this all to go."

"Of course honey. Anything else?"

"No, that's it."

She took my plates away and left me alone to my thoughts. Poet wanted more. "We are taking
the stairs," I said.

Simon looked at Walker, "Is he always so bossy?"
What
the fuck was I going to do?


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE1ODkwMjg1XX0=
-->