#  Ugly Dog Saloon

Going down was the easy part they should be glad that I didn't need to go up.
When we hit street level they were huffing and puffing. I caught a glimpse of
what I thought was Alex at the coffee shop but I didn't turn around to find out.
He'd walked out again and probably for the better, though I would rather have
curled up with him and fight over my back than to have him walk away without a
word.

Walker and Simon followed me out the door and we headed to the train station.
Walker caught up with me and we walked evenly for a little while before he
sighed, "Wouldn't it be faster to get a cab?"

"Really, you want to take the time, flag down a cab, sit in traffic when it's
like two stops away?"

"You didn't even look at a map," Simon said.

"I've been walking the streets of New York since I was eight. I know most of it
by now. I didn't just patrol our little area like the rest of you, I know all of
New York."

Walker snickered, "I heard you need permission to go into Lower Manhattan."

"Typically yeah, but that's a phone call away?"

"Is it some unwritten rule we break?" Simon laughed.

I shook my head, "No it's because I’m technically considered part of the Lone
Wolf Pack here in Manhattan and not one of the Manhattan Pack."

"How the fuck are you part of some werewolf pack?" Simon asked.

"I was sorted of adopted into the pack by one of my therapists because he wanted
to protect me and because it helped with protecting one of his pack members - a
human path who was adopted by one of his pack."

"Your gangly friend is a werewolf?"

I laughed, "Sage is a human path, a technopath, his foster parents are
werewolves."

"Sucks to be him," Walker said.

"Not really," I said as we descended into the subway station. The train would be
here in five minutes so we had a little time left before we'd be inundated with
people all around us.

"So where are we going?" Walker asked.

"Hell's Kitchen, The Ugly Dog Saloon. Thought you knew that already?"

Simon sighed. "He means the address."

"I don't know the address," I said.

"Then how are we going to get there?" Simon growled at me.

"Cause I know where it is."

"You know where every bar in town is, or just the supernatural ones?" Walker
asked.

"I know where all the gay ones are," I said flatly.

"We are going to a gay bar?" Simon paled.

I laughed, "No, it's a supernatural haven. I just didn't know it was the Last
Phoenix's haven."

The train arrived and Simon and Walker were relatively quiet. I guessed that
they thought they had to avoid notice. We'd taken four seats facing each other
and I was left to sit alone, which was fine with me. But at the first stop, a
pregnant lady and her toddler got on the train and the seats were all mostly
taken. I stood up, "Miss you can sit here. I can stand."

Walker and Simon growled under their breaths, a stranger was breaching their
privacy. It's not like they had been talking but I was pretty sure they were
going to expect to have to deal with the toddler. His mother sat by the window
while he swung his legs kicking me accidentally. I grinned down at him and
pushed my shin into his foot and he giggled. He kicked again and I followed up
the same way. "You funny." He said to me staring up with a pair of blue eyes. I
sighed. I wished I had the right pair staring up at me like that. Well, maybe
not like that. I thought to myself. But I could deal with that adoration right
now.

"I'm Nox. What's your name? Wait let me guess, is it Iron Man?"

The boy giggled. "No. That's not Iron Man. It's the Hulk?"

I laughed, "Are you sure? He doesn't look very hulk like."

"He's green, Iron man is red."

I nodded as if that were the only difference, "I always get them so confused."

The boy giggled and his mother started to shush him, "Leave the nice man alone."

"He's alright," I said. The intercom went off with our stop, "This is my stop
anyway." I ran my fingers through the boy's hair, "Be good for your momma. She's
got a lot going on right now."

She looked up at me with a curious frown. I patted my belly and smiled. "Two is
a handful." She smiled, "I'll manage."

I nodded, "I'm sure you will." I said as I followed Simon and Walker off the
train.

Simon growled, "Someday someone is going to accuse you of kidnapping or
molesting a child."

"I'd never do such a thing." I said moving towards the stairs, "If someone
mistakes a smile for a lewd expression they are stupid people.

"You flirt with everyone don't you?" Walker asked.

I shrugged. "Yeah, kids, men, women, dogs, cats, you name it I'm game." I
laughed. I hadn't been flirting, I'd been entertaining a little boy who might
have started a scene when his mother saw him kicking random strangers. I stopped
it before it started. I was just being nice. But Venatori weren't nice, they
weren't anything. They didn't exist. The woman probably saw two grumpy men
sitting across from her who were non-descript. Sage once told me that the
Venatori he met were almost not there. The only reason he even noticed them was
because I'd said something to them.

We like most supernatural races exuded that look around me vibe. We didn't hide
in veils or walk around in shadows. But our magic was one of indifference. We
weren't there unless we drew attention to ourselves. That was one reason why I
and most Venatori didn't get along. I drew a lot of attention, my hair, the
eyeliner. I drew attention on purpose.

Therapy has taught me it was a means of distracting people from what was really
wrong with me. Funny thing was I was tired of playing the game. I just wanted to
be real.

The air outside was cooler than in the subway station, it was almost chilly in
comparison with the sun setting and the wind still blowing through the buildings
like a wind tunnel at times. I was grateful for the thick sweatshirt I'd put on,
both for its warmth and for the hood I pulled up over my ears and head. It was a
good means of hiding the mark on my temple.

"I'll walk in first so I can get them talking, Simon can do his thing, listen to
their thoughts. Walker just look pretty but don't draw your fucking weapons no
matter what happens. I'll be fine."

They both looked at me like I was insane. Walker was preening a little at the
instructions but they were both wary of what I was up to.

The Ugly Dog Saloon was almost as perfect as its name said. The paint was
peeling on the outside. The wooden sign was faded and warped. It added to the
charm of the name. But inside was different. It was crowded will medieval
memoribliable throughout the centuries. There were swords and men in armor
standing by the door to the kitchen, and muskets hanging on the far wall.
Probably once used by the proprietor himself. The file had said it was owned by
Daryl O'Connor. I assumed he was the short redhead behind the bar. The green
overalls he wore gave him the look of a leprechaun and I almost chuckled.

I sat down at the bar and was waiting for Daryl to head my direction when Simon
and Walker walked in and took a seat at a table by the door. They looked out of
place and everyone except me stared at them trying to figure out what two
Venatori were doing in their bar.

There was a total of six patrons, not including us - not many for this hour, but
it was Monday so it was only regulars. There was a vampire hiding in the back
corner. He was sipping a pint of warmed blood mixed with some vodka. They called
it a Bloody Mary. It was ironic and sad at the same time, but it was a simple
code so humans didn't order a vampire only drink. The coffee shop Alex liked to
hang out downstairs had several businesses throughout the city as well and they
all sold blood in their coffee. It was as simple as flashing your fangs at the
barista to add with a little extra froth to your drink or make it red.

At a bar, it was easier since you could easily ask for a card. And all vampires
carried around fake IDs, but more importantly, they all had hidden magic to them
too. Like our tattoos and the Dragon brands. The vampires had their own calling
cards too. Except they were literally calling cards. Unforgeable and attuned to
a vampire. It was like the Doctor's psychic paper. But the vampire was able to
change his name and identity on these cards to suit whatever their needs were.
Which included showing a dragon he was a vampire so he could order a true Bloody
Mary instead of the tomato vodka beverage all humans had come to love.

The fancy paperwork was how vampires lived for centuries without ever having to
buy into the system, they could fake it as long as they obeyed the law. But
there were vampires like Cari and Ant who worked the system. The dawning of
computers saw the intervention of hackers in the systems. Cari hired the first
degenerate she found, and in doing so found a lifelong companion. Jack Wynn
wasn't going to leave her side unless he found someone else who would hurt him
like she could. He truly was a degenerate and while Ant hated to babysit him and
his mother, he agreed Jack was in it for life, much like he and Ryan were. The
devotion was absolute and Cari had her computer wiz all tied up for an eternity
and she had digital records going back as far as records were transcribed. Her
legacy was valid. Her money rightfully earned and Ant's never to be inherited
fortune he held on to like he did his mother's praise. He hated being tied to
her, but he'd never leave her side.

The bartender finally came down to the bar, he was too busy making Walker and
Simon their drinks to bother with me. Probably cause he knew who I was.

"You bringing more Feras with you?" He asked in a low growl.

"If they try to hurt anyone I'll stop them so long as no one tries anything
against them while they are here."

Daryl gave me a long look. "Your word as good as they say it is?"

"Better," I said.

"If they make trouble I won't stop them."

I nodded, "I know. And I'll do my best to keep everyone from getting hurt." I
promised.

The bartender nodded, "What can I do for you \_Feras_?" His tone was not as
hostile as he'd said it before. It wasn't loving, but it was trust. That was one
thing I had learned to do around here in the past five years.

"I'm looking for a dragon. She and her human partner got into a bit of trouble
and I need to take her in."

"You can't hand her over to The Golden Clan?" He asked.

I glanced back at Simon and Walker, "Does it look like I have a lot of options.
It's best if she comes quietly. Robbing a bank is one thing, if I could I’d let
you have her. But she was caught on camera breathing fire. We have to spin a
story of some sort."

"We can do that." A man down the other end of the bar said. "Naomi didn't mean
to, the man tried to touch her and she jumped."

"Whatever the case is, she still did it. Those two want to kill her. Me I want
to talk. So tell me where she is, let me get out of here ahead of them and talk
with her, take her peacefully and she'll get to live."

"A little longer." Another man growled at me.

"A little longer is better than dead now. It can give me time to try to work
something out."

"You ain't got that power. Anyone you ever take in is dead anyway."

The vampire across the room laughed, "But how many has he taken in compared to
the others?" He was sitting next to me I hadn't seen him move which meant Walker
and Simon were probably about to draw weapons.

The bartender chuckled, "The Venatori don't take them in, they just kill us for
no good reason."

"Exactly." The vampire said. He gave me a fangy smile, and I wondered if I knew
him from somewhere. He shook his head, "No, but I know you. Chris speaks highly
of you."

"You know Chris?" I asked.

The vampire nodded, "I do. He is part of my kiss." He leaned in and whispered,
"I think he's a little infatuated with you if you ask me."

I grinned at him, "What's not to like." I teased.

The vampire gave me that look and then sighed with a nodded, "As cocky as he
said too." He turned to the dragons, "But he's worth his word. He'll do what he
can. I know that much. And wouldn't it be good to have a favor on your side of
the fence?"

"We don't need his help!" They all exclaimed at the same time.

"Now," the vampire said. "Tomorrow, your girl might go rogue, or next week you
are robbed and in self-defense, you breathe on them. One day you or one you love
might need that favor."

Daryl said. "I'll call her. But I'm not giving you her address."

"That's great." I smiled, "I didn't give a name though or a picture."

The bartender laughed, "We all know who you are talking about. She's been in
hiding since the papers put out her picture."

I sighed. I hated having to work with the human police to try and straighten
things out. I owed more favors there than I actually could ever pay back I
think, and mostly to two men, one of which was a werewolf, and Sage's foster
father, the other was a friend of mine's lover and dom. I don't think Alex would
much appreciate knowing I was still close friends with Jaxen and Blake. Though I
hadn't partaken of any of the same activities since before I graduated from the
academy. My submission seemed to be a sticking point for him, though I wasn't
sure if he'd gotten over it, or just wanted to stop fighting. I was pretty sure
it was the latter. What I wouldn't give for his little bit of insight.
Scene Break
 The Morning After (Alex)

I went home - to my apartment as planned. The space wasn't quite as nice as the
one I had been staying in for appearances. But it was the closest thing I had to
home. Everything in it was mine, not some pre-furnished shit that came with the
place. Needless to say it was sparse, but it had all the things I needed.

I went past my couch and through the kitchen. Stopped to put the leftovers in
the fridge. Then I went into the hall that led to the bedrooms and I pushed open
my door. I collapsed on the bed and fell into a light sleep. I hadn't meant to
hit the dream plane. I wanted to sleep - a good deep dreamless sleep but that
wasn't happening.

Without the little monster to dream of I spun on into the dream plane. The vast
empty void that wasn't a void. Everyone saw it a little different, mine was a
bunch of bubbles floating in the air with connections running every which
direction. You could get lost in the tangled mess if you didn't know how to
navigate them. Kish told me hers looked like a giant jigsaw puzzle. Each piece
fitting into a pattern to make a larger picture. She told me Solomon's was like
windows into their dreams.

No one had a reason why, only that I saw the connections of people. I could
easily see everyone else's connections but not my own. But I knew how to find
them. I hunted for one in particular. He'd been eluding me since I got this job.
How could someone not dream - not be on the plane. The bubbles were vaguely
place in geographical location. So if I walked the same way I'd come technically
I could get back to Pretty Boy's dreams. But I'd tried that so many times. The
whole Apex Unlimited building was like a pillar of bubbles and all of it was
shielded tight. As soon as I got close I had the overwhelming desire to puke my
guts out. It was off limits.

The only other places I couldn't enter were vampire dens. And I truly didn't
want to know what vampires dreamt of so I stayed away. Not that I could enter
even if I wanted to. Their warding was not an overwhelming desire, their shield
hurt, it was painful and Kish said eventually that pain would kill you.

I didn't know how to get into that building much less to pretty boy, but there
had been a time when I didn't need to. When he'd call and I'd be there.

The painful memories were enough to pull me from my light sleep. And I was more
than grateful for a chance to close my eyes and truly just sleep.

Sleep came and my alarm went off at 9am. Why the fuck had I set an alarm? I
glanced at my phone and growled to myself. "Fuck!" I had an appointment with
Janice.

I crawled out of bed and grabbed a quick shower. I don't remember what I dreamt
about but it left me feeling groggy. The shower was hot and losend up all the
tight muscles from a restless sleep. I wished I could remember that dream.

I pulled on a set of Brent's clothes and sighed as I looked at myself in the
mirror. What the fuck was I still doing in this get up? I was regretting the
job. But Janice… I sighed. She was going to be a weak spot. Kate was the soft
spot and Janice was filling that hole. Fuck!

The kitchen was dark and I opened the fridge and saw the pancakes and fries I'd
ordered from last night. Visages of the phone call stung my memory. Poet wanted
to know everything so I'd told him everything. No holds barred.

I stared at the boxed goodness and grabbed it from the fridge and tossed it in
the garbage. I didn't deserve to have comfort in the midst of the turmoil I was
causing. Much less how I felt. I grabbed a breakfast sandwich from the truck
down the street and walked to Janice's place. We were meeting to go over
financials. Not mine - hers. She wanted to put some more funds towards the
Children's hospital as well as other cancer foundations but she wanted to know
what I thought. Since I was more than willing to spend my own cash on the
charity.

Outside of the dungeon in her apartment it was a nice apartment. She even had
her own office space which was her charity foundation home base. Janice even had
an assistant. She was a little thing and this was the first time I'd met her. I
was never at Janice's in the morning.

"Mr. Smith. Ms. Pritchard will see you in a few moments, she's in with Mr.
Calendar." She blushed. I pulled a memory of who Mr. Calendar was and I sighed.
Jared was visiting early and apparently wearing next to nothing when he came
into the office. Now you could hear their efforts at being discreet but they
were failing miserably through the thin door.

I sat down and listened. Not to the faux quiet that the two on the other side of
the door, but to the little girl who was sitting at her desk. Her thoughts were
innocent and yet she was intrigued by the idea of Janice's playtime friends. Was
Janice missing everything right in front of her?

"Lindsay, right?" I said looking at the small blonde with big green eyes. She
smiled at me.

"Yes, Mr. Smith."

"You can call me Brent, no need to be so formal." I got up from my chair and sat
on the corner of her desk. "You know what they are doing in there?"

She blushed brighter, "I'm not daft, Mr. Smith."

"Brent." I smiled and touched her face with the tips of my fingers. "No, I mean
what they do in there?" I pointed down the hall.

Her blush grew deeper and she nodded. I grinned and put my fingers under her
chin, "Does it turn you on thinking about it. About being tied up and spanked."
I knew she did. I had read it on her mind. "Could you do what you are told
without question?"

There was no response from her mouth, but the whole idea appealed to this young
girl. "Janice and Jared are not always very attentive to their subs."

She met my eyes and frowned. "We could teach them what you need."

"We?" She asked.

"I wouldn't leave you with them without proper care." I said with a friendly
smile. "I'd make sure they took care of you before I ever let them have a sweet
innocent girl like you."

"I'm not \*\*that\*\* innocent." She blushed. I could have asked her what
exactly she meant, but I saw it playing out in her head. Lindsay had been to Ooh
with her girlfriends. She had taken her last boyfriend there and he fell in love
with one of the girls he fucked there.

I smiled at her. "Come with me." I took her hand and opened the door to Janice's
office.

"Mr. Smith she said…."

We walked into a very unnatural scene. "Janice, can we postpone our meeting,
we've another detail to discuss." I said. "We'll meet you in the playroom." I
didn't wait for an answer and I pulled along their perfect sub if I could only
get them to take care of her. Their track record sucked so far.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE5MjUxNzY4NTNdfQ==
-->