#  City Tracking

I chased her out the back door through the kitchen. I probably knocked over a
few things and still by the time I goScene Break
 The Setting Sun

We laid in my bed. He was holding me against his chest. It cout there and looked down the alley she
was gone. Fuck and she had a kid. I couldn't just take her old have been more.
Could have turned into more but. I wasn't going
to leave a kid motherless. It had done me so much good.

Simon was at one end of the alley and Walker the other. "Where did she go?"
Walker asked.

I sighed and let my senses go. " still on the edge of a freak out. It don't
take much to push me over the edge. Lack of sleep. Changed up routine. A date.
The feeling I should know more. That deja vu feeling was strong when I wassume she went up."

"You mean she flew?" Simon asked.

"She's a dragon. Dragon's do that." I pressed my hands to my ears and waited
until the world calmed down a bit. My ears and eyes unused to the complete
sensation of sounds it took a moment to adjust.

Simon looked at me and frowned, "I think he's having a brain aneurysm."

Walker laughed silently and put his finger to his lips. "Shhhh." He mouthed.

Without their talking, I could smell her sc with
Alex.

I was half a sleep when the alarm sounded that said someone was trying to shadow
walk into my apartment. There should only be one person who would even try, but
it was a precaution I made regardless. I sat bolt upright when it blared. "Fuck.
That's Ant, trying to get in."

"What?" Alex asked sounding a little dazed.

"I told you my friends were coming over, He's a vampire he's trying to shadow
walk into the apartment." I'd caught a good whiff of it
when she'd sat down next to me. I walked a few feet one direction then turned
the other and tried to find her direction. I found her scent she had indeed gone
up, but I didn't think it was from flying. I pointed to the fire escape, "She
went up that way."

Simon and Walker both started speaking at the same time. "You follow her up
we'll see if we can get into the building," Walker said after the both had
stopped trying to say the same thing.

"I guess I'll go up."

Walker grinned, "You do like to jump."

I sighed and nodded. I had liked to jump, now not so much, but this wasn't
jumping, this was climbing a rickety fire escape and a fear of heights. Just
fucking great.

I went up the fire escape and followed her scent. It didn't lead to the roof
which I thought odd. It opened straight into a child's bedroom. I climbed in
after her and wondered how Walker and Simon were go created a flow of air and fetched my phone so that I
could text Ant.

N: I have company hold on.

I turned to Alex and tried to make him feel welcome. "You can stay. I can tell
them next week." Or they could stay, but Alex was already scooting off the bed
and hunting for his shoes.

"You need some fun in your life right now I think." He said. I could hear the
disappointment in his voice.

But I sighed with relief, one less thing to worry about. Alex was looking at me
with those ice blue eyes and I was having a hard time breathing waiting for him
to speak. When he did, he had a request. "Just.."

I waited patiently for his request. I don't think I could have said no ing to give me back up if
they didn't know which floor. I wasn't overly surprised to find the child's
things, though he shat
moment even if I wanted to. "can you not lept on a mattress on the floor and tthe vampire bite you? Please?" The
re was a stuffed
snoopy lying discarded haphazardly amongst a bunch of toy cars of every shape
and size.

I could smell her everywhere, but also the child and her mate - a human. The kid
was a half dragon. I was surprised he was still alive.

For some reason I didn't think she'd come this way, nothing smelled recquest was very specific. He knew about Ant.

"But.." I started to say but Ant will be hungry, but there was no point saying
no, I didn't want to anyway. There was a nagging feeling inside that told me if
I didn't agree this would entd. But
And I didn't have time to turn around before a man was pointing a gun at me with a
baby boy on his hip. Not a baby probably a toddler around three. His skin as
dark as his mothers, with orange eyewant it to end. So I nodded and
said, "Okay."

"Just like that?" He asked.

I nodded and Alex pushed the hair that fell into my face away from my eyes. I
pressed my head into his hand golden hair just like his mother.
"What do you want?" He asked still pointing the gun at me.

"I just want to talk to herat the touch and bit back the moan that escaped.
I'd do anything, if he stayed. I whispered, "Just like that."

Alex found his shoes and slipped them on his feet. "Tomorrow." IHe said.

"She's not here. She said if one of your Feras came looking for her I should
shoot first, but you don't have any weapons."

"I don't have any weapons." I agreed. "I just want to talk."

"No Feras wants to talk. All you do is kill." He took a few steps forward and I
took the same number backwards until I was backed against the opened window.
"Why are you here?"

I shrugged, "You and your wife robbed a bank."

"You aren't a cop."

I nodded. "I'm not, I'm Venatori. I need

I gave him a smile and nodded. I wished he hadn't left me. I could feel the
anxiety rushing through my blood again. I wished he hadn't left, but there was
nothing I could do as he walked out my door. At least there was the promise of
tomorrow though.

I texted Ant.

N: You can come through now.

And I brought the shield down and Ant stepped out of the shadow left by my
closet into the bed area.

"Company? That I can't come in on?" Ant asked.

"It wasn't like that." I shrugged. "I was giving him the option to stake you in. I'd rather do it
without incident but I will hurt you if I have ty and I'd
send you away."

Ant's eyebrow went up in surprise. "He? And you look a mess. He didn't hurt you
did he?"

I shook my head. "No." He set his son down behind
his leg and the toddler scurried off to his toys and stuffed dog that were piled
together oblivious to the things that were going on around himwas nothing if not kind, Ant. Please don't." I looked
down and took a deep breath.

Ant chuckled, "He asked you not to feed me didn't he."

I nodded as Ant sat down next to me. "The man's hand
tightened on the gun and he pointed it again at me. Like he would havlast time you freaked over me biting
you, was over a guy." He smissed
before. It was doubtful. But while he talked I wove air around his arms and his
legs and then I pulled tiled. "Serious?"

I shrugged. "I only just met him."

"But he's been in your apartment. You never even brought Dand he dropped thre." He ghun and fell to his back on the
bedroom floor with an whelp and a grunt. His son started crying. "Look, I'm
sorry. I want to talk to her. But eig his
arm over my shoulder and hugged before getting up. "If that's the way it's gotta
be then that's ther way you are all going in. We can do
this tit's gotta be. Jealousy never looks good on anyone
though."

"I know. I mean I think he ewasy way or the hard way. Where is she?"

His eyes were wide and I could smell the fear on him, it overrode everything.
His boy ran to him and curled up against him. I knelt down to his level and
smiled. "I won't hurt you. I won't hurt your daddy eit jealous but that's not why I agreed."

Ant smirked. "I know why you agreed."

"I don't think he understands."

Ant nodded. "He will or he'll run. Either way I'm here. But I need to talk to
your mommy, do you know where she is?"

The toddler blinked at me with reptilian eyes and the pointed up. "On the roofnot right now. I'm
going to find a willing participant. You want me to bring Ry? Or not come back,
or what?"

I asked.

He smiled and nodded. "Alright, you stay here with your daddy. I'll be back with
your mommy and we'll all go for a little walk alright?"

He nodded and I gave him a friendly smile. "My name is Nox. I'll be back." I
pulled the gun towards me and picked it up by the barrel. I had no need of it
but I wasn't going to leave it for the child to use accidentally or on purpose
for that matter.

I crawled back out the window and the toddler ran after me. I leaned dsighed. "Take me to your place. I need a good beat down." I grinned at him.
"I've had a hell of a day and I expect it's going to be just as bad tomorrow
with a date and all."

"Two days in a row?' Holy fuck!" He grabbed my elbown and
patted him on the head. "I'll be back. I promise." His nose went up in the air
like he was sniffing the air and he smiled with a nod. I reassured him, "I'll be
back."
 I stood up and it was
instantaneous, I was in the dojo in the Night Life building on the 54th floor.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTk5ODcyMDY3OV19
-->