#  Mums the Word

I climbed up to the roof and tried my fucking best not to look down. I wasn't in
the mood to fight a dragon and have a panic attack at the same time. Climbing up
was easy as long as I didn't look down.

It wasn't a very high building. I onlScene Break
 Me v Anxiety

It was also instantaneous that I lost my very awesome steak into the nearby bin
that was placed there just for that occasion.

Ant was shaking his head while I used the back of my hand to climb three more sets of ladders
to get to the the top of the building. The roof was flat and I felt safe again,
evenwipe my mouth. I
headed for the bathroom to brush my teeth. It had been one of the first things
I'd done after Ant brought me here through I was ten stories above the ground. There was just something safe
about having solid ground under my feet. There wasn't much up on the roof. But I
saw a shimmer of light that was the dragon hiding in plain sight. My sensesthe shadows the first time. No matter
how many times I shadow walked I threw up unless my stomach was empty. Which it
rarely was.

Ant left the same way he came in. I didn't ask where
still wide and I narrowed  he was going on her and just stood my ground three feet from the
edger when he was
coming back. He just would be. Until then I'd do some yoga. I laid ofn the roof. "Come on, duckling. I can see you. You know this only goes
down one way if you don't come with me."

And from the sounds of the door bursting open to my left it looked like it was
going to go down only one way. "Look, duckling. You can come in, explain
yourself and maybe they let your human go. Your son will be hanfloor
in corpse pose just listening to my heart and my breathing. I could feel it
slowly coming down with each breathe. I didn't always just lay there, but today
I felt like it was perfect. Lying in an mostly empty room nothing but me and the
room.

I knew it wasn't empty. I felt and smelled Ryan come in. Unlike a vampire he
smelled like life growing from the decay of a dead over to the
Dragon council…"

She shimmered and took three steps towards me before Simon or Walker fired a
shot and it bounced off her shoulder. I glared at him. Simon growled, "You
idiot, you didn't even bring dragon killing bullets."

Walker looked embarrassed, "I grabbed the wrong gun."

The Dragon was cowering against the building. She could have left. I stepped
closer to her and she didn't seem to cringe more but the moment Simon and Walker
did she curled in on her self. "Stay back." I said.

"We are going to kill her, aren't we?"

I shook my head, "Not right now. My case, "I said with confidence. I knelt down
in front of her, "You were going tell me something before we were rudely
interrupted."

"They can't have Drake."

"Your son?" I asked.

"He's half human. They'll kill him." She blurted out.

"I won't let that htree. He was life amongst the
dead. He stood at the edge of the mat watching me. "Enjoying the show?" I asked.

Ryan chuckled, "Usually it's a little more bendy. More ass in the air."

I sat up and stared at him. "I needed to just chill and focus."

"That bad?"

I nodded. "Same rules?" changing the subject.

"Same rules." Ryan said kicking off his shoes and joining me on the mat.

We danced around each other for the better part of an hour, trading blows but
never really beating the other one down. It was a game of sorts. Ryan wanted me
to talk but I didn't want to so we spared - what little we actually did.

By the time Ant came back Ryan and I were grappling with one another. "What you
didn't wait for me?" Ant chimed in when he walked onto the matt.

He smelled like cheap pen." I promised. A child was not going to die because of
what they have no control over. "I'll help him the best I can, but in order to
do that you have to come with rfume and I had a wave of jealousy. It wasn't because it
was Ant with another woman, the scent was familiar. LIke a dream had washed over
me, and teall me what's going on."

She shook her head. "He'll kill me."

"Who will?" I asked.

Walker and Simon shifted from foot to foot as I spoke to the dragon. She shook
her head. "Come with me and I'll do what I can for you and your family."

Walker opened his mouth, "You can't…" Simon elbowed him as I stI could see was green.

Ryan got in a good punch to my jaw and I fell backwards landing on my ass. Ryan
and Ant were both squatting over me making sure I was alright. "I'm okay." I
said.

"You don't look alright." Ant said.

"I'm fine."

"Uh huh. That's why you are here. Because you ared at the pair
of them making this so much worse.

"I can. I will. But you have to come in, andlright. You asked me not to
bite you."

"Actually I didn't. You figured that out once you do you have to tell us
what's going on."

She growled and I saw her mouth start to open and a glow in her throat. "Nah I
don’t think so duckling." I wrapped her up in a bubble of air and sucked the air
out. "I'll let you breath, but know that if you try to throw flames at me again
I won't be so nice."

I opened a few tiny holes in the bubble and she gasped for breath. I stoor own." I smirked as I sat up.

"Yes, but you would have asked if you'd been feeling alright"

Ryan interrupted, "What happened, Nox? Really, you were doing alright until Ant
walked in."

I shook my head. "An old memory. I don't know. Overwhelming jealousy."

"Because I fed on someone else… Nox." Ant sighed. "You know…"

I reached up
 and looked at my useless pair of Venatori. "We need to collect the man and the
boy down stairs. How did you get up here?

We all went down stairs, my captured dragon walked on her own steam except with
Walker and Simon's occasional shove in the back to get her to move. But she was
incapacitated.

Simon growled to himself the whole way down. I overheard one, "Can't believe
this dragon is still alive."

She growled back at him, "Ferasss" It was more of a hiss than a growl. I sighed
this was going to be a long walk back to the compound. We could use the veil to
take the train, but it wasn't really worth the price we'd have to pay to get her
through unscathed.

The man and the boy were still aid a finger across Ant's lips. "It wasn't because you fed on
someone else, it was an old memory. I don't remember having it. But all I saw
was green. I was jealous and I don't know why but it wasn't you. I swear."

Ant nodded, "This guy has you wound tight."

"He doesn't. You remember before we met."

Ryan laughed, "Him? Again."

"Alex reminds me of him. The same blue eyes. He feels like home to me. And it's
scaring the fuck out of him I think." I sighed. "I've freaked out twice in front
of him and that's just today. I do my fucking best not to do that in front of
people."

"Except us." Ryan laughed.

"You aren't going the boys room. The boy, Drake ran to his mom
and started crying. "Fucking great!" Simon yelled.

"Why don't the two of you take him on the train." I loosened the bonds and he
could stand and walk. I set a tripwire and trigger to go off anytime the man
walked three feet away from Walker. "I set an electric current to him, his hands
and feet are bound but he can walk at a normal gait. But if he gets three feet
from you, he'll drop." I said to themo judge me. Think less of me." I whined.

"We already think less of you." Ryan joked. "I mean, come on." He grabbed my
bicep and squeezed,"So puny."

"One more round then I need to go home." I said.

Ant sood up and offered me his hand which I gratefully took. And then we were
off fighting a three way fight. The same as always. It was the sport of it all.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTg1NjcwMTE4N119
-->