#  No Hope

Walker and Simon took the man and the kid. Well at least they started to until
the boy started screaming. I got a glare from both men. Walker was carrying the
screaming kicking netherdragon over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes. I
sighed. "I'll take him." I led out my arms and the boy reached for me. Walker
let him go and the boy happily climbed into my arms. He rested his head against
my neck and and wrapped his tiny arms around it. I held him close and I knew he
was taking deep breaths much like I did when someone was comforting me.

The other two men stared at me. But it was Walker who spoke. "Must be good with
kids." He said to Simon and they both took the man on the subway. The three of
us would walk.

It wasn't a long walk but it was long enough. We walked in silence for a while
until I let her restraints go a littScene Break
 A Puppet

The last match lasted an hour. Ant won - he always won. But that was mostly
because he had more advantages over Ryan and I. Ant walked me home the normal
way. He didn't try to make me chat. He didn't push just walked with me. Ant
walked with me up the stairs. "You know, I think I get more exercise knowing you
than I did in the 800 years before."

I grinned. "It's good for you. Keeps that heart rate up."

"Yeah, like I need that." Ant laughed.

"Thanks."

Ant clapped my on the shoulder, "No thanks necessary. We are always here for
you."

"You know they say I'm Il Cane's puppet." I sighed.

"I had heard that rumor." Ant smiled. "If you shoot fire at me again I'll keep
tMother finds it amusing. Shem on." Ice said.

She breathed a sigh of relief when I let the ones near her mouth go completely.

"Don't hurt him!"

"I have no intentions of hurting him. Talk to me and things will go better for
you." I said with a smile.

"There is nothing to say. You have no hope, The Dragon will take thi
that I followed on your heels so I could have that notoriety."

"You follow me?" I laughed.

"I think it's funny as well. But I have followed you. Mother says it's some kind
of sick obsession. But I think it has wmorld
down. He'll kill me if you don't." She said without much prompting.

"How does he plan on doing that?" I asked.

She shook her head and said nothing the rest of the way to the AU building. So I
chatted with her son instead. I found out he liked snoopy and cars. And I told
him I'd come back and get his things so that he'd have them. But it wouldn't be
until tomorrow. Whice to do with the power I drank the
first time."

I grinned. "You only like me for my power. I see how it is."

Ant grinned and draped his arm around me as we headed out the door of the
landing of my floor. "Oh the was fine with as he fell asleep on my shoulder.

The dragon walking beside me watched us but never said anything but I felt her
eyes on me. We took the service elevator as it was easier to haul a mark up it
than to try the public elevatore is more to you than power I like."

"I'd say it's my body but you've not seen me naked."

"Oh I've seen enough to know you don't have the curves I love."

I laughed. "Thank you."

He grinned at me. "Of course. And I freaked out less too.

The back of the offices were quiet. Drake was snoring on my shoulder. He was
warm. Almost too warm. But he was half dragon so I imagined that might be normal
for him. I hoped he wasn't getting sick.

I took my two dragons to the fishbowl. They hated when I did that - when I put
my marks on display. It was both intimidating for the mark and the Venatori but
I did it mostly to piss them off. Though I was pretty sure that I did it so they
wouldn't get killed on the spot. Public executions weren't somethI do love the banter most of all. The only one who
gets me better than you is Ry, and that's only because we've known each other so
long."

I shrugged. "I'm just good that way."

"Ry, enjoys when you come around as well. Mother lets him hang out more these
past five years since we met you. You've changed our lives, Nox."

"You've changed minge the
Venatori did often.

I wove air and tied it all off nice and pretty, her hands were still tied and I
prayed she didn't shoot fire from her throat. "Be good and I'll give you him to
hold until they take him away."

She nodded and I handed her Drake. He curled up in her arms and went back to
sleep. I felt decidedly colder without the little dragon keeping me warm.

I knocked on Dae'lin's office and she looked up fromoo." I said. "I have a job to do in the morning, therapy
and then a date."

"Don't stress over it, Nox."

"I'll try."

"You want me to stay? Keep the nightmares away?"

I shook my head. "I don't think you spending the night is any better than you
biting me. Let's keep it normal friends not what we are till Alex gets used to
things."

"You think he will?" Ant asked as her computer to me at the
door. I grinned at her and nodded in the direction across the hall. "Got you a
mommy dragonlosed the door behind me. Ophelia hissed
at him and her half human son. Walker and Simon should beissed back. Fee hissed louder and Ant growled baringing in her
human partner. She mentioned the Dragon wasn't going to stop and it might be
something we want to look into so I suggest someone try to get answers."

I glanced at the watch on his fangs at
her.

Ophelia archerd her back then leaped at Ant and the vampire caught her with one
hand then pulled her close and nuzzled her against the neck. Fee purred louder
than she did when Sage picked her up. Fee loved my wfrist, "I'm going to go grab a shower and go to
sleep, since those two dips kilends. I think it was
because I trusted them.

Ant bledw my date."

"You had a date?” Dae'lin asked. “I didn't think you were doing that anymore."
Dae'lin sounded surprised.

I grinned at her. "I didn't think I was dating either but when a pair of blue
eyes tells me to be someplace it was kinda hard to say no." I waved and turned
on my heel and walked down the hall. I had a feeling I'd be back tomorrow
anyway, I doubt they'd get anything from her much less anything useful and alle a kiss then set Fee down on the counter. "Give her some milk for me.
Call me if you need anything Nox."

"Thanks again." I said as I went to the fridge to get Fee a bowl of warm milk.
Ant spoiled her and I might as well do what she liked. It made things a little
more bearable.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTEzNDUyNDc5NDhdfQ==
-->