#  There was no deep darkness, just the fog and the eerie light. The eyes were blue the color of Alex's eyes, of the guy in my dreams eyes. They were a near
perfect match. TScene Break
 Hangouts

I walked the long way to the Archives. I was still carrying the envelope with
the paperwork in my hand. It was heavier than I expected the more I walked. My
fathere was no warning, no command or instructions just a hail of
tentacles falling across my body. The eyes laughed at me.

It cackled gleefully at me and I tried my best not to cry, or scream. The world
around me drifted while I lived through my own personal hell. A strange chirp
sounded right. Margo was right. Fuck, but moving was going to be difficult on
the best of days. Right now while I was a fucking mess. It wasn't goingin the darkness. There were no sounds in the dream except those that
eyes made. My nightmare was always locked in darkness and quiet - sense
deprivation to make the pain more real. Garrett had used the tactic often enough
wo go
well.

The Archives were two levels of nothing but books, tomes and a shit ton of
collected paperwork. Where once card catalogs sat were computers. The only thing
theny headhen he did this to me as a child.

Another strange chirp distracted me from the next blow and I cried out. And in
my terror of what was next my eyes shot open. My heart pounded in my chest and
my lungs heaved to pull in air. The panic and the pain. I didn't even want to
look and I wouldn't look at my back, I just wrapped the wounds in the elements
and grit my teetgitized with the cards. The rest were volumes and volumes of paper.
The powers that be said it was more secure, yet anyone could walk in her and
read anything they wanted.

There were secure files that were digitally encrypted. Most of that had to do
with the infirmary where tech wh as the skin crawled back into place leaving behind old scars.

Ophelia had returned and was lying on her pillow instead of on top of me like
usual.

A third chirp wentlatest and greatest cutting edge thing
around. Asher Eriksen made sure off followed by a long ring. I blinked at the sounds from my
dream and realized it was actually in my room. I found a phone lying just under
the hem of my comforter where Alex had dropped his clothes after the shower.
Fuck!

I glanced atit. All his public businesses were cutting
edge, but the Venatori, they lagged behind stuck in tradition. Stuck in the 80s
with no internet, no cell phones and no fucking computers to do work.

In the center of the front screen and saw several missed messagesom was a desk where a few men and two partial
texts sitting on the screen.

J: Call me honey!

The second one was a little more interesting.

Unknown Number: I got home safe Brent, thanks for ...

I sighed and put the phone imen sat attending to
whatever filing and sorting and regular library stuff was. Mrs. Dolores Vega
with her gorgeous green eyes smiled at me when tsn the bowl on my counter. Hopefully Alex would
realize it's missing and call me or stop by to get it. Otherwise I'd realllooked up. "Nox. What can I
do for you?"

I grinned at my hfave
no idea how to give it to him.

I tried to lay back down to sleep but I couldn't help but wonder why Alex had
said he'd forgot his phone earlier that day. I hated lies even little orite librarian. "I need information The Last Phoenix - one
of the Dragon factiones. I
did my best knotw to lie. Though there were times that I did. I had to. But this
wasn't like that. He'd have an explanation, but I wasn't sure I would hear it.
How could I when I had his phone? And who was Brent?

Sleep never came. My mind rolled from scenario to scenario of why Alex had lied
to me about his phone. I saw different versions of people calling him Brent
instead of Alex. None of those texts looked business like - they were personal.
It wasn't a business phone. I could understand that. Could understand having
multiple phones but …

The alarm on my phone went off and I groaned as I reached over to turn it off. I
was going to have a shitty day. Coffee and yoga were barely going to help.

I managed my morning routine and was on a second cup of coffee with my Tuesday
morning breakfast. Which was the same as my Monday evening breakfast. It
reminded me of the man who'd left my apartment twice now upset at me. Of a man
who lies, and who I had no way of contacting. I was supposed to call him today.
I'd been looking forward to that before I'd gone to sleep. Now I wasn't so sure
about that.

I worked from my apartment filing my report for the capture of one dragon, a
human and a boy dragon. I hoped Alex would stop by. But then I hoped I never saw
him again too. My mind was a mess.

At 9am his phone rang. And then it rang again nearly every hour on the hour. The
same name 'Janice' each time. I almost answered it once. But I decided against
it. I wasn't going to pry anymore. Everything I learned from this point out was
not going to help how I felt.

My alarm went off for my afternoon coffee meeting with one of Dom's lackeys. On
a normal day it was my run time and it was when Alex usually sat at the coffee
shop down stairs and watched for me to run by. I doubted he'd miss his afternoon
cup of coffee. Which was why I grabbed his phone on the way out the door.

I hadn't been wrong, Alex sat at his usual table though he looked like he wanted
to spit nails. I drew close and he smirked, "You have time for a run, but you
don't have time to call me?"

I let out a curt laugh as I dropped the lost phone on his table. "Kinda hard
when I have your phone."

Alex picked up the phone and looked at the number of missed calls and messages
and muttered to himself, "Fuck!"

"Who's Brent?" I asked.

Alex blinked up at me and I shook my head. "Never mind. It doesn't matter. You
lied about not having your phone so why tell me who Brent is. See you around." I
said and walked away.

I heard Alex growl, "Fuck!" and then I heard the chair scrap behind him and he
rushed after me, "Fuck Nox, let me explain."

"Explain why you didn't call when you were late, or why you told me you forgot
your phone, or explain who Brent is?" I growled at him as I kept walking. "I
have a meeting to go to." I said.

Alex didn't stop though I heard him muttering to himself though I couldn't make
out the words. "Look can't we talk."

"You have until I get where I'm going." I said.

Alex grabbed my arm and pulled me into the alcove of the AU building, out of the
way of people on the sidewalk. "I didn't remember I had this phone on me. I
thought I left it at my apartment, with my phone. This is just a business
phone."

"Do all your business clients call you honey?"

"You read my texts?" Alex accuessed.

"I read two, that were sitting on the front screen when I picked it up. The
first one read, 'Call me honey', the second one said, 'I got home safe, Brent,
thanks for' dot dot dot. I set the phone in my bowl where I keep those type
things and I listened to it chirp and ring every hour."

Alex looked at me with fiery blue eyes. He was mad at me? Fuck that. I pulled
out of his grip and started walking again. "I have a meeting to go to."

Alex sighed and followed with me matching my pace. "Look Nox, Janice is a
friend. But she's annoying so I didn't give her my personal phone number. I left
that phone at home. I swear."

"So why didn't you call from that phone." I nodded in the direction of his
pocket I knew it was in.

"That phone doesn't have your number in it and I don't have it fucking
memorized. Shit I have have hard enough time remembering my own goddamn number
and I'm supposed to remember yours?" Alex groaned, "And look before you ask
again. I have a lot of alias. I do questionable work for people and I don't use
my real name for obvious reasons."

"You mean you do illegal work for people and you don't want to taint your
precious name. So which is it? Alex or Brent, which one means so much to you?" I
know I sounded grumpy about it all. I'd been stewing about it for nearly 13
hours already. What was an angered conversation going to do to my annoyance?

"Like what you do is legal." Alex retorted.

"I never said it was, but I'm not hiding behind another name either."

Alex growled, "No you just hide behind the fucking Venatori lawyers. And their
paid officials."

I stopped and turned on Alex. "I have never committed a crime that I didn't own
up to."

"So last night, you went into someone's apartment legally."

"You followed me?" I asked as I took a step back.

"I wanted to see if you were really who you said you were. Your goon friends
were going to go kill a dragon. I wanted to see if you were all talk just to
make me feel comfortable."

"You think I'm lying to you?"

"You're fucking Feras."

I turned and walked away from him. "Fuck you Alex." This time he didn't try to
catch up.
hey've a hangout here in the City. I need those
records."

She tapped away at her computer and smiled. "You could have looked it up
yourself." She pointed to the computer. "I know you know how to do it."

I gave her my most pathetic smile, "But then I wouldn't get to talk to my
favorite librarian."

"I'm three times your age and you know I'm not going to fall for your charms."

My grin was brighter and wider, "I know, ma'am. But I can't help it. You bring
out the best in me."

Mrs. Vega rolled her eyes. "It really is no wonder Dorian fell so hard for the
little boy he was just supposed to watch from a distance."

"I was even cuter then, those too big eyes, and the gangly sickly body. So
pathetic"

"And what's your excuse now?" She wasn't buying my flirting. She never did. She
printed off a list of volumes for me but she handed it to one of the young boys
sitting next to her. "Go get these for Master Sétanta." The boy scurried off and
Mrs. Vega returned her attention to me. "I'm listening."

"My excuse for being charming?" I asked with feigned ignorance. "I'd tell you
but I don't think you'd appreciate the vulgar language that would accompany it."

She sighed. "It's no wonder there are no women snapping you up with an attitude
like that." She smiled. "Back when I was younger you needed to woo a girl."

I laughed. "You know fully well I don't woo. And I sure as hell don't woo
girls."

"Dorian's influence."

I shook my head, "Don't go blaming your son for my sexual preferences. I did not
know Dorian was gay until after I got the shit kicked out of me for kissing
Dylan."

"What possessed you do that Nox?" She asked more curious than before.

I shrugged. "I dunno. Vague recollection of wanting to feel a pair of lips
against mine. I hadn't expected to get a fist to the jaw or kicked into
submission."

"But you had to know his response?"

I sighed. "Maybe. Just a strange feeling possessed me. Dylan didn't reciprocate
that's all."

"Did any of the boys?"

I laughed. "Yeah one! My fucking half brother."

Mrs. Vega sighed, "When Kai found out you were his son he nearly shit a brick."
Her hand flew to her mouth and I was pulling in my lips as she realized exactly
what she'd said. Mrs. Vega was prim and proper and she never swore - never. Not
even when she was bitching me out for fucking up her kitchen when I was
experimenting on a dish I'd seen Marco make.

I started laughing. "I have this very big childish urge to say - I'm gonna
tell."

Mrs. Vega hid her fit of giggles behind her hand. The boy returned carrying a
small file of papers and handed it to me. He looked at his mentor with a strange
face. I could only imagine what he was thinking seeing a very serious Mrs. Vega
giggling like a schoolgirl. But it wasn't long before she was looking all that
more regal as the matriarch of the Vega household. "This is all the information
we have on The Last Phoenix. From what I saw on location in the records, it's in
a bad part of town. Not that I need to tell you to be careful Nox. But, be
careful."

"Yes ma'am." I said. I waved the folder at her in a salute of sorts. "Thanks for
the information. I'll get it back when I'm done."

"You better, son." She said and then she was admonishing the boy who had handed
me the file. Against protocol I'm sure.

I was in a much better mood after having seen Mrs. Vega. She always treated me
like a son even though I was no such thing. I think it was more pronounced now
that I was Kai's son. Her husband's best friend and partner. I was more family
now than before.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTYwMDg0MTc3MywxNTM3ODI2ODEwXX0=
-->