#  Over Coffee

This fucking sucked. I find a great guy and he's a fucking liar. Can't fucking
win. I kept walking, but I felt his eyes on me. I didn't turn around to see if
he really was following or if it was just my imagination. But I knew he'd
followed me. It made me happy but it pissed me off too. I can't storm off in a
rage with his fucking blue eyes following me. Sometimes I wondered if Dan had
done it if we'd have stayed together longer. Instead he let me walk away and I
never looked back. Never saw him again despite living in the same area.

A thought that wasn't mine played in my mind softly. *You are cute when you are
angry*

I guess I didn't need to look back, he was going to talk to me anyway. Though it
hadn't been what I was expecting. And I couldn't help biting my bottom lip. He
made me wish I hadn't walked away with a simple phrase. Fuck, what was he doing
to me.

My phone beeped and I took it out of my pocket to see a message from Alex. I
opened it to find a picture of me and his comment.

A: Your ass looks great in those jeans

Of my ass more particularly. I couldn't help but laugh and pull my lips in. What
the fuck was I going to do. I wanted to stay mad at him, but he was making it
difficult especially since he was sending me images of myself and him drooling
over me - a well fit suit and next to nothing. I had a feeling a naked picture
was next but I thought back at him first, *I'd never wear that.* I reminded him
of the scars.

Alex's next thought was a little sad, *We need to talk about that.*

I stopped and turned around and saw how close Alex was behind me. He almost ran
into me since he was looking at his phone. "We'll talk, but I have to go to this
meeting. You want another cup of coffee? They’re buying."

He nodded, "Sure." I grabbed his hand and led him to the booth we always sat in
and he sent me another flirting thought, *Have I told you how hot you look
today?*

I shot him a look with a happy smile. The fuck! He disarmed me with a few flirty
comments. I slid into the booth and pulled Alex after me. Chrissy came over to
take my order with her bright smile and flirty voice. "The usual, Nox?" She
smiled.

Alex put his arm around me and I knew it was a means of saying I was his.
Chrissy ignored it while she waited for my response, "Yeah. Thanks. Alex?" I
asked.

He looked up at her with a smirk, "Coffee with two sugars and cream. And
whatever pastry, cupcake that's freshest. I don't want something that's been
sitting out all day."

Chrissy smiled at him, "We'll have some chocolate cake out in few minutes, if
you'd like that."

"Jay didn't." I said.

"You know he did. You come in here every day, order the same thing, you leave a
huge tip for everyone. Of course Jay made you your favorite. Besides, Mia told
him too."

I sighed. "Fine." I looked at Alex waiting for him to answer.

He grinned at me, "Oh I can talk now?" He smirked up at her, "That's fine."

Chrissy left with a smile, and Alex looked at me, "What was that about?"

"Jay, their pastry chef made chocolate cake. Mia usually orders some for my
birthday and brings it to me the day of, but she apparently can't make it to the
City then so she made Jay do it today."

"Mia is?" Alex asked.

"Come on." I grinned, "You've been stalking me and you don't know who Mia is?
You can see it in my head."

Alex smirked and then it faded as he looked inside my head, "Childhood best
friend." Alex nodded, "She's the brunette with the dip boy… husband, right?" I
detected a hit of anger in his voice at the mention of Jace. I wondered if I was
imagining it because of my own feelings towards him, or if I was missing
something.

I nodded. "Yes, that's Mia and her husband is Jason, or more commonly referred
to as Jace."

The door jingled and I grinned as Liam walked in. The man was scraggly at best
but when he came to see me Dom forced him into a poorly fit suit with a tie that
didn't match but Liam always wore the same ratty sneakers on his feet. He looked
like the bum he was.

A few of the patrons sneered as Liam sat down across from me and put the plastic
card on the edge of the table for Chrissy to take. "Nox, who's your friend?"
Liam drawled.

"Alex, this is Liam. I don't know his last name. He's the left hand of the the
Manhattan Werewolf Pack."

"I'm not his hand."

I grinned. "He sends you to me often enough."

"Dicky is his hand."

"His right hand. I don't like dealing with Richard. He's a bully."

Liam grinned, "That's why he's second and not Alpha."

"Dom could kick his ass." I said.

"Also why Dicky isn't Alpha, Dom would kill him for trying." Liam said just as
Chrissy started walking this way.

"Richard, is a nice guy."

I laughed, "To you. He hates guys who like other guys. And he doesn't like me."

"Because you flirt with him." Liam said.

"I flirt with everyone, haven't you learned that Duckling." I said to Liam which
made him blush a slight pink tinge to his ears.

"Careful Liam, you might wolf out on me." He ducked his head.

"Nox. Stop, your boyfriend will get mad."

"I never said he was my boyfriend." I smiled at Liam and turned to Alex, "I
didn't think we were putting labels on it."

Alex's arm fell to my shoulder and he tugged me closer and I felt his breath on
my neck. "We weren't, but I don't like him."

I nodded and sent Alex a thought. *I'm sorry. Liam is harmless. I'll get down to
business*.

Chrissy left their drinks and slices of cake. I sipped my coffee before I looked
at Liam. "Does Dom have any requests?" I asked.

Liam shook his head as he poked at his chocolate cake. "He only wants to know
what you said to Kyle about Abby."

"I told him if he forgets to lock Abby's cage and she gets killed I was going to
kill him."

Liam gasped. "You didn't. You didn't mean it did you?"

I shrugged. "He doesn't want to find out."

Liam frowned, "You only kill in self defense."

I shrugged. "Yeah maybe I'll make an exception. There is no reason the man can't
lock her cage three days out of the month so she doesn't get out and start
hurting people. You and I both know she can't shift back. And you know it'll
kill her if she hurt anyone again. He claims to love her but all he does is
bitch and complain about how he has to be the responsible one. She lets him ride
her coat tails and he can't man up for three days and take care of things."

"Dom's threatened the same thing."

"Yeah but when your pacifist Venatori goes all I'll kill you, you kinda get
scared isn't that why Il Cane is supposedly afraid of me?"

Liam choked on his mouthful of cake. "That's what the rumors say. She has some
Latin or Italian name for you that means something like the Final Death. Least
that's what Armande's boys say."

"You all getting along down here?"

"The boy he sent, yeah. He's a sweet thing. Chris and Avery do the pack favors
and we protect them from the rest of the vamps who want to rip them a new one."

"No one is coming at them?" I asked.

Liam shook his head. "Nah, man. Dom promised you they'd be safe. Dom's never
reneged on a favor, right Nox? You know that right?"

"I know Liam. I have a question I want you to keep your ear to the ground. The
Last Phoenix is stirring up trouble. I don't know if its a faction inside, or
the whole crew but I need to know if they make trouble in your territory."

"Dragon's don't like wolves. They don't hang here. There are a few pockets in
Adrian's territory but they won't come down here. We smell bad to them."

Alex snorted and muttered, "Wet Dog."

Liam grinned, "I resemble that remark."

I finished my coffee and Liam looked down at my untouched cake. "You are going
to eat that right?"

"I am, just not with you watching me."

Liam sighed with relief. "I hate when you eat chocolate here. It's almost as bad
as when you flirt with Dicky and his comments about gay men."

I laughed. "You are comparing the sounds I make to the bull shit he spews."

Liam chuckled, "Nah, man, Dicky didn't get his nickname cause it's a shorthand
for Richard."

"Really, they know what he does?"

Liam frowned, "Back in the day, he came crawling back at the ass crack of dawn
while Adrian was making peace with the big boss and Adrian smelled you all over
him."

"He didn't fuck me." I said more for Alex's benefit that Liam's.

"That's what he said. But he tried and that was all that mattered to the pack.
He don't hate guys that like guys, he hates you."

I grinned at him. "He hates guys who like guys. That night, he tried to beat the
shit out of me. None of the guys were having any of his action. Jaxen called me
in hoping the wanna be Venatori would be enough to get him to back down in his
bar."

"Wait a minute, you know Jaxen Oliver?" He asked. I must have been thinking his
name. "And he knows you are Venatori and what werewolves are?"

"He knows I'm friends with Adrian. And Adrian trusts me to keep the peace with
his pack. All of Adrian's, um, play friends know he's a werewolf. It's part of
an NDA they all sign and under the sexually transmitted diseases."

"You can become a werewolf through sex?" Alex asked.

"It's rare, but it's no different than aids. It's transmitted through bodily
fluid transfer. Which is why scratches rarely turn a human. But bites almost
always."

Liam frowned, "I gotta go Nox. Dom doesn't like when I'm late. I'll tell him
what you asked us to do. He says thanks for Kyle."

I nodded. "Tell Abby I said hi."

Liam nodded. "Will do. See you next week."

"Next week." I said. I looked over at Alex, "Sorry about that."

He chuckled. "No worries, Pretty Boy. I got to find out all sorts of things
listening to you and your werewolf friend. He's got a poor shield."

"Liam isn't very powerful. He's a rare wolf, he's an addict. Usually doesn't
stick but Liam couldn't cope with the change so kept using and they have to keep
him locked up like Abby."

"Why don't they keep them together?" Alex asked as he picked at my chocolate
cake.

"Two uncontrollable werewolves together is not a good idea." I said.

"Do you want to talk here? Or someplace else?" He asked me with a smirk.

"Can we talk and walk?" I asked.

"After you eat your cake. I want to hear these sounds that make Liam
uncomfortable."

I grinned. "All right."
Scene Break
 Shit! I'm Late (Alex)

Lindsay wasn't the perfect sub. She was innocent and kind but she knew what she
wanted. Which had surprised me. Maybe that innocent act out front had been just
that an act. She sat down in the office chair that was easily at eye level with
Jared's backside, but she hardly noticed. She was too busy tapping away at her
phone and soon the printer behind Janice's desk spewed out paper. I counted
three before Lindsay was up and gathering the document and tapping it on the
desk while she waited for the rest.

The three of us had been mildly interested as we watched her. Jared was checking
out the woman's backside and Janice was fondling Jared's reaction to staring at
her in that very businesslike suit skirt.

I just watched as she handed Janice the papers. "I have a standard dos and don't
list." She said as Janice handed the two of us a piece of paper for our own. I
glanced at the list to find her hard, soft and maybes.

Lindsay looked at me with a sly smile and I smirked at her, "Are you looking for
a professional type relationship or something more personal?" I asked Lindsay.

"Are you their negotiator?"

"Something like that," I said."I'm looking for their submissive third since I
was so good at bringing them together."

Her smile brightened as I sat down on the corner of the desk. "Oh, well then."
Lindsay walked over and trailed her fingers up my leg and smiled, "I'm looking
for something more personal, but I think a professional relation will get us all
started off on the right foot."

I laughed. "Nothing like a pre-nup."

Lindsay smiled. "I am going to law school."

This was absolutely fucking perfect. "Draw up a three month agreement. It won't
be legally binding of course, but I think with well established rules the three
of you can learn to be more personable."

"But…" Lindsay said before she looked at the pair of them. "I've heard rumors,
and I want a trial offer - one day only. And Mr. Smith, stays with me the whole
time. He leaves I leave."

I growled inside. I had a fucking date. Not that I was looking forward to it,
but I would do what I had to do. They were paying me for this. Their fucking gay
best friend. I was seething inside but I smiled on the outside.

Janice took them both by the hand and let them into her little dungeon and Jared
immediately started removing his clothes. Janice drifted behind the dressing
screen. I stopped just inside the door.

Jared laughed, "Shut the door Brent, stay awhile. Get comfortable. You are in
for a show."

"I doubt it."

Jared laughed, "That's right not enough men for your liking."

I rolled my eyes at him. "There are plenty of men here. And I can enjoy a
woman's body."

"Can you?" Janice said giggling as she sashayed across the floor with her
leather outfit on. She had to have had it on under her clothes before, there was
no way she was getting into \*\*that\*\* this quickly.

Janice handed Lindsay a skimpy outfit. "On, darling." Lindsay dipped a little
bow and murmured 'yes ma'am' and was stripping right there. I started to watch
her but saw Jared watching me so I turned my attention to him. He expected me to
leer and so I did. He was a good looking man, but not my type.

For several hours the four of us stayed in the playroom. I don't think anyone
had any sort of release in that time. I had to get going. I needed to take a
shower. Remove the stench of sex and leather from my nose, and on my skin. The
clothes I could burn later.

I mentioned it two or three times as I watched Lindsay suck on Jared's cock.
Janice was licking Lindsay in all the fucking right places. Jared was watching
me. "What?" I asked.

"You're still here?" He smirked, "I thought you had to go?" He waggled his
finger at me and I gave him a dirty look.

Jared grabbed Lindsay by the blond ponytail she was sporting now and pointed at
me. "He has to go. I wanted to watch you make him lose his shit for a girl."

"That's…" I was about to say more when I felt Janice's hands on my arms and she
was holding them behind me. "Fuck, Janny, you know I don't want to be tied up."

She giggled, "You always say that." She kissed my neck then bit hard and I
groaned. And then the little not so innocent blonde was on my cock, her wet
mouth was hot and her lips were already swollen from sucking Jared. He wasn't
hiding how he found it erotic, he stroked his own cock over her body.

It didn't take long before I was releasing all that built up tension. Her mouth
was talented but I had a fucking date with fucking Nox Sétanta. With a nose like
a fucking hound dog. I was going to have to shower three times just to get the
scent of them off me.

Janice let my arms go and I shrugged out of her grip and removed myself from
their grasp. "Fuck!" I said. "I have to go. I'm going to be late." I was going
to be so fucking late. I couldn't go to him dressed like this much less smelling
like them. And even I could smell the sex that was going to linger on my skin.

Jared was laughing. "I knew you were faking it."

"Faking what?"

"The whole gay schtick. You like women."

I smirked at him. "You caught me. But right now I'm into tall well built men." I
pulled up my pants and grabbed my jacket, but I didn't bother putting it on. I
stopped in the doorway to deliver one final warning. "Lindsay I'm leaving you in
their care. You may have to get out of character if they don't take care of
you."

I held my finger out to Janice, "She gets the attention of both of you when you
are done. She gets a proper bath and clean clothes to wear home. Nothing
trashy."

Janice pouted, "He's so mean sometimes."

Jared laughed but Lindsay nodded., "Yes master."

I rolled my eyes. "I'm already late. So behave." I said parting ways.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMzQ3MDQ0NjM0XX0=
-->