#  Chocolate Cake

"I don't make any noises. That was Liam's way of saying it was my favorite." I
said.

Alex just nodded. "Eat."

I did as I was told. All the other pieces except mine had frosting on it. Mine
was just a fresh moist cake. I shoved my fork through the corner and then I
stuck it in my mouth while Alex watched. I closed my eyes and groaned.

Alex laughed. "I see the entertainment value in watching you eat."

I rolled my eyes, "At least I'm not drooling." I ate another piece and Alex
watched.

"So chocolate is your favorite?"

"Chocolate is the only sweet I indulge even a little in." I clarified.

"So if I wanted to butter you up, bring you a Hershey's bar would make your
day."

"No. I'm not big into candy. Ice-cream is my go to. I eat chocolate cake around
my birthday. You'd do better bringing me a milkshake from Bonnie's. But if you
are trying to butter me up, a cup of fresh hot coffee is going to win more
points."

Alex nodded. "What about chocolate coffee?"

"That usually is filled with sugar and I don't like the empty carbs. But as long
as it's more coffee than sweet you'd be pretty good I think."

Alex grinned. "I know this really great joint that roasts the cocoa and coffee
beans together and fresh ground. I don't even have to give you any sugar, but
it'll be mighty bitter without it."

"I trust your judgement."

"Do you now?" He said.

I nodded and pulled my lips in and looked at my empty plate before, "Yes. Lookâ€¦"

Alex lifted my chin and made me look up at him. "Let's go for that walk."

I pulled my wallet out and dropped a fifty on the table.

"Holy fuck!" Alex said. "Why do you do that?"

"What else do I have to spend the money on. It's an expense for doing my job.
Paying off informants." I said.

"But he paid for the coffee."

"He always pays for the coffee. It's an expense for him, and he uses Dom's card
anyway."

"So this was nothing more than a business transaction."

I shrugged. "Yeah. Liam's not my friend. Dom's not my friend, we exchange
favors. He pays for the drinks because Dom tells him to. Just like I cook for
Ant and crew and don't expect anything in return. Just a bunch of incremental
favors and exchanges."

"You don't make a cent off of any of this do you?"

"The Venatori pay me and I use that money to pay for the information I need.
What am I going to do with the excess money? It's not a lot. But I don't need
it."

"Take a fucking vacation Nox."

I grinned. "I don't need to save up for it. I can tell Dae'lin I want to go to
Paris and she'll find me an assignment there and I get a free vacation."

"But you'd have to work."

"I can't sit on a beach and do nothing. I just can't." I smiled and pushed him
out the seat. "I thought we were going for a walk."

