#  A Walk In the Park

Alex took my hand in his when we got out of the coffee shop. His fingers
entwined with mine and I let out a breath I hadn't known I was holding. He sent
me a simple thought, *If you'd called me we wouldn’t be having this problem, so
this is all your fault.*

I rolled my eyes. "You know that's not fair right?"

Alex laughed. "You mean me looking inside your head?"

I nodded. "Yeah."

Alex smirked proudly, "Life ain't fair, didn't your mother ever tell you that?"

I shook my head. "Probably, but not that I can remember anyway."

"You've a crap memory eh?" Alex joked.

I cocked my head to the side. "Not really. I was five when my mother gave me to
the Venatori. And I don't remember a whole lot from then. And when I saw here as
an adult we didn't speak much before she died." I wondered where the comment
came from. It seemed to have some meaning to it but I didn't have any idea what
the joke was.

"My mom died when I was seventeen." Alex said sadly.

"Eighteen for me." I wasn't sad about my mother's death it was just a fact. I
regretted a bit about it. But I wasn't sad because she died. Though the sadness
and anger of the moment had lead me to my blue eyed dream guy. Funny how life
turns out. Maybe I should stay away from blue eyes… But then I looked at Alex
and I felt a tightness deep with in. I wasn't ever going to stop being in love
with my dream guy but Alex was quickly taking up that empty hole. And the more I
tried to fight it the more he pulled me deeper down. A glance, a few flirty
words and I was putty in his hands… what the fuck was I going to do. "What
happened?" I asked, "to your mother."

"Car accident. One I was supposed to be in too but I'd told mom I'd meet her
there I had something to wrap up before we left. It was a last minute thing."
Alex sounded guilty, like he'd done something wrong.

"I'm sorry. I understand survivor's guilt. I felt the same way when my mother
died." I squeezed Alex's fingers with mine and we walked in silence for a few
blocks - each in our own thoughts.

Central Park came into view and I pulled us that direction and Alex smirked at
me, "So bossy sometimes."

I couldn't help but grin back at him.

We walked a little ways into the greenness inside the City before Alex started
quietly, "So I followed you last night." i nodded acknowledging the fact that he
had. I didn't really care, it's not like I was hiding anything, it's the fact he
thought I was lying that bothered me the most. "There was a kid, what happened
to him?"

I shrugged. "He was with his mother when I left them. I don't know yet. I've
been filing reports all morning, and was going to go see how far they got on
getting information from his mother after I talked with Liam. And gave you your
phone."

"You were expecting me to be sitting there?"

I nodded. "You have been for the past several weeks, don't know why you'd change
that now." I said.

"Good point. I'm sorry I didn't call you."

I shook my head. "I know. You explained it already. I just don't like lies. I
have to tell so many of them out in the real world, keep things from people, but
I don't do that in my personal life, and I hate when someone lies to me."

"Some lies are good." Alex joked.

"No lies are good. Even the little white ones can come back to bite you in the
ass. I don't lie to the girls on the dance floor. I tell them straight out the
gate I don't want more. I don't play that I'll call or that I even take their
numbers. Some girls don't listen."

"So what about me?" Alex smirked, "Where you going to say hey it's only a one
time thing? I don't want more."

I shrugged. "I don't know. I don't think I wanted it to be a one time thing."

"But you were thinking about that night, what we could be doing instead of
dancing. I wasn't just some one night stand was I?"

"Maybe you were, but you aren't now. We've seen each other everyday for the past
three days since we met. That doesn't seem like a one night stand." I grinned at
him, "Unless this is all just a game to you to get into my pants."

Alex laughed and stopped in the middle of the sidewalk and pulled me against
him. His hands on my hips gripping tightly and holding me against him. I wrapped
my arms around his neck. Alex smirked and pressed a kiss to my lips and I let
out a small moan. "Oh Pretty boy, I don't have to play games to get into your
pants."

"Are you saying I'm easy?" I taunted back.

"Very." He chuckled and I joined him while biting my bottom lip. "You have to
stop that."

"Stop what?"

"Biting your bottom lip."

"Why?" I asked. I wasn't even sure i could stop it was an unconscious action in
most cases. I didn't do it on purpose - most of the time.

He leaned in and pulled my bottom lip in between his and bit softly. And
whispered in a husky voice, "Because all I want to do is bite it when you do
that."

I laughed and pulled back, "That sounds like a line."

Alex grinned at me and broke apart sliding his arm around my waist, "It may be a
line, but it's the fucking truth. You have no idea what that cute shy act does
to me."

I grinned, "So, back to Drake. If you want, you can come with me back to the AU
building and we'll go check on him. He should be in the daycare rooms until they
know what to do with him."

"You know the kids name?" Alex sounded surprised. "Even though you were willing
to use him as leverage."

"It's not what you think." I defended myself. "She's dead anyway. I don't know
what will happen to his father, he'll go to jail or they'll kill him too. I
don't know. It's rare a human gets mixed up in Venatori business like this. And
I certainly have never brought one in before. I can use his future as leverage.
Promise to take care of him for information."

"You mean the Venatori would take care of him?" Alex said.

"No, I mean me. I'd take care of him. Promise to keep him safe - personally."

"Why would you do that?"

"So I can get the answers I want."

"It's a false promise." Alex nodded.

I shook my head, "Nothing false about it. I don't lie, Alex. Not even to get
what I want. Tell me why I'd let a kid grow up in the Venatori like I did and
become like me? An outcast, a nobody, feeling unloved, unwanted. Kids need
someone to love them unconditionally. No strings attached. If it were in my
power I'd never let any kid ever grow up like that."

"So you'd take on some strange kid just because you don't want them growing up
like you did?"

I nodded. "I want a family. I have for some time. I may not get the wife and
kids and the white picket fence, and honestly, I don't want any of that. I want
someone to love me like I love them, I want kids, blood, not blood doesn't
really matter to me. I want a home we can live in and be safe. I just want some
semblance of normal."

"You do realize you are very far from normal. You're what, 25? And single, and
have the chance to get whatever you want and you want to settle down?"

I laughed. "I don't have that chance Alex. I'm Venatori, eventually, the
Procreation committee is gonna be breathing down my neck making me have kids.
And if I don't choose someone, they'll choose for me. And they don't believe in
science for procreation, but yet the AU building houses the finest genetics
research labs and abilities - the best from all the world is right there under
their fingertips and they insist on the old fashioned way."

Alex pulled away and walked ahead of me then turned around with his lips twisted
in frustration, "So this," He waved his hands between us, "is what? A diversion.
You're going to marry some woman, get her pregnant and she'll have your kids and
this is nothing?"

I sighed, "No. I would never marry a woman. And definitely not because the
Venatori said so. Alex, I don't like women."

"You could have fooled me with the way you fucked them on the dance floor." He
growled.

"I enjoy sex with them. But I'd never fall in love with one. I have too many
trust issues when it comes to women. I can't trust them to take care of me. And
I already told you what I needed there. Alex, I'm not looking for Ms. Right, or
Mr. Right..."

"Just Mr. Right Now." Alex interrupted.

I groaned. "Alex stop." I grabbed his shirt and pulled him close. "I'm here.
Third day in a fucking row with a guy who keeps running away from me. With a guy
who …" I didn't want to say I loved, because even that was too much for me, but
I had to say something, "A guy who I could love, who I want to at least give a
shot, even though all we ever seem to do is fight."

I sighed, "I will tell you the one truth that very few people know. I was in
love once, you remind me of him. I don't want to make a mistake with this like
back then. I don't know what I did, or what happened. But something did and he
never showed up. I'm never going to ignore you even if I'm angry. But I need to
know I can trust you. Because Alex, you can break me easier than you can snap a
dried twig."

Alex stared at me. I knew he was inside my head trying to find the lie, trying
to find what I was hiding. I closed my eyes and let him look. Opened my thoughts
to him and let him see everything. I wasn't hiding from him , there was not a
thing I wouldn't tell him, or let him see. Even if he wanted to delve into the
darkness of my mind. He was free have to whatever I had inside me.

Alex pressed his forehead against mine and pulled an image forward. "Is this
what happens every night?"

The nightmare played in my mind and I choked on my own breath. The panic welled
up inside and I felt the first lash land before I buried it again. Alex's hands
were on my face and his thumbs were wiping away the tears. "How does that
translate to the scars on your back, Nox?"

I couldn't answer him. I wanted to but I couldn't breathe. Alex pulled me over
to the grassy area and we sat down, he pulled me into his lap and wrapped his
arms around me, "It's okay. You're safe."

Funny thing was, I already knew that. All it took was his arms around me and I
calmed drastically, my heart was racing but my breath was slowing just having
him hold me. I was going to be so broken when he left me.

He held me for a, I don't know how long, as long as i needed until I could speak
again. "I've had nightmares of what Garrett did to me since I was six years old.
When I'm stressed out or when the dream is really strong on particular nights,
my own power leaves gashes in my back."

"What do you mean, your power? You do this to yourself?" Alex sounded more like
I'd hurt him than I was hurting myself.

I leaned back against him and took a deep breath. "I don't do it on purpose."

"Jesus, Nox." Alex breathed against my neck. And we just sat there for a while.Scene Break
 Information for Poet (Alex)

There was one thought in his head as we descended into the subway tunnels. He
was clinging to my warmth, to me. Like I was his breathe, his heart beat, his
everything. But his hand was just holding mind. I smirked at him watching his
expression but it was that neutral smile that I'd seen in every picture of him
Poet had. The same one I watched him give everyone else. But inside he was laser
focused on one thing - me. "I don't think you've ever been so quiet." I said, my
own voice seeming so loud against the backdrop of his singular thought.

HeI laughed. "I just had another telepath tell me I don't shut up."

The thought that had others were rummaging around in his head irked me. What
gives them the right. Nox bumped his shoulder against me bringing from my own
brooding with a fun fact. "You do know that there all sorts of magic in the
Venatori right? I can't keep my shields up all the time. It physically hurts." I
wanted to know why it hurt, but I didn't want to ask. I didn't want to hear the
answer. But I could find it in his head. It was a strange feeling knowing
someone knew I was looking in their head. Usually people got angry, but not Nox,
he plainly asked, "What do you want to know?"

I looked at him and shrugged, "Just the truth." That's all anyone ever wants.

"I don't lie to you." Nox said and it was the truth, never once had the words
out of his mouth been a lie. Hiding something yes, but it hadn't been a lie.

But I knew he was hiding something, he told me so himself. "But you keep secrets
from me."

"Do you really want to know?"

"I promise I won't walk." And I knew that promise was going to be hard to keep
but I would do my best, Poet wanted information and I had to take the good and
the bad - even if I didn't want to hear it.

Nox laughed like it was part of a joke, "It's not the walking I'm afraid of. I
can keep up with you walking. It's running I'm afraid I can't."

"You're fucking Venatori." And it was really. He could probably catch me if I
tried to run away, but I knew that wasn't what he meant.

Nox stuck his tongue out at me. It was a childish gesture but it elicited
something low inside me and I leaned acrossed and sucked his tongue into my
mouth. He groaned and I felt the vibration all the way down to my cock. It was
difficult to pull away, my lips lingered on his before I pulled away enough so I
could say, "Show me."

He didn't waste any time as he tore down the wall that he'd so effortlessly put
up. It was a rush of emotions. Things I don't know if I wanted to know. But he
felt he needed me. Why he was so delusional was beyond me. There were thoughts
of his dream guy mixed with me, Did he know? He was playing me and I was falling
into his trap.

"I don't…" I didn't know what to say. I denied what he was to me, what he had
been. This was just a job.

"Maybe we should go back." His mind descended into chaos again and I sighed.

"Come on. Don't … I'm here. I don't know what to say, Nox. I don't feel like
that. Not yet." It was the biggest lie I'd told him yet. I had an inbox full of
letters that called me a liar. I could do this for Poet, pretend there might be
more when there wouldn't be. I wasn't going to fall for his charms again. I was
just waiting for that other shoe to drop.

"I never asked you to." Nox sighed and I read his fustrated words that didn't
come through, "But this is why I didn't want you to know. I fall fast. Always
have. It's not about being in love. I don't let people in, and here you are in
my head, reading everything." His head was full of words, but he wanted to not
think, not talk.. "Let's just do this. We don't have to talk." Which was a lie -
he did have to talk, he needed it like he could breathe.

I leaned against his shoulder and tried to coax him out of his shell, "What if I
like listening to you ramble?"

But Nox shook his head. He was going to stay quiet. Yet his mind rolled with a
thousand different things. "Fine then, I'll talk." I said quickly without really
anything to say. We sat in strained silence and Nox looked at me expectantly. I
gave up with a sigh, "I don't know what to say. I don't have a plethora of words
spewing around my mind like you."

He rolled his eyes, "So you are saying that you don't have a thought in your
head."

"I'm just that kinda guy." I smirked and shrugged my shoulders. I wasn't a
thinker, I was more a doer.

Nox quickly turned the tides in our conversation, "I doubt that. You said you
were late because you were tied up with a client? What do you do?"

He asked about me, I knew from past experiences that Nox rarely asked questions.
He was trying so I could try. I put my arm around his shoulder as I told him a
half truth about what I did. "I'm a business consultant of sorts. I do all sorts
of things - efficiency training, gathering intel, I get paid a lot of the times
to find information on opposing sides for good or ill. Depends on their needs."
He leaned against me while I spoke and he fit just right under my arm and I felt
the pure bliss radiating through his mind.

"I'm sure your ability helps with the intel." He added to prompt more
conversation.

"It does." But I needed him to talk about him, I knew all about me, "Why is it
you don't mind that I'm in your head?"

"I have nothing to hide. The only time I shield my entire existence is if I'm
hunting a telepath or something."

"Do you do that often?"

"Hunt telepaths?" The question was rhetorical as he answered without my
response. "I've never hunted one personally. Human paths don't fall under the
same sorts of laws as the rest of the supernatural world."

"You mean because they're human. But you have orders to kill some kinds on sight
don't you?" I knew what I'd been told.

"Dreamwalkers and clairvoyants typically yes. But honestly I don't know why. I
get they are dangerous and could really do some damage. But it's no real
difference than say telepaths who get insider secrets and become rich and famous
because they know exactly what you want. My best friend is a technopath. He's a
hacker, he uses his gift for his betterment. A dreamwalker isn't going to go bad
just because he can walk into your dreams. No more so than any other human.
Everything should be a case by case basis." But hearing it from the horse’s
mouth was something entirely different. Poet wanted information but nothing here
seemed liked a bad thing.

"How many have you killed?" I asked. I had his records but those could be
falsified just as easily as he could lie to me.

"I've taken a handful of lives in the past 5 years. Can count them and still
have fingers left over. I only kill in self defense. But unless I made
arrangements with their own people, the Venatori kill them after a sort of
trial. We can't contain them, so they die anyway. But I hope one day it'll
change." But his numbers and the reports matched up. Either everyone lied well
or Nox was a just a bad of a hunter as the numbers said. Everyone else had
higher rates, but he worked more cases than anyone else.

He gave them to their own kind, "What do their people do with them?" I wondered
what he'd do with me if he ever found out I could walk dreams, or that I used my
ability to make the money I had. Give me to the police for insider trading? I
could easily get out of that, there was no proof I was ever around any of those
people.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTMxMzQxMjU4MF19
-->