#  Young Novices

"Come on, let's walk." Alex said as he pushed me out of his lap. I stood up and
turned around and pulled him up to his feet. I wanted to pull him against me but
instead we started walking the way we came. I kept breaking down in front of
him. Even when I didn't want to. I whispered, "I'm sorry."

Alex shook his head, "Don't worry about it Pretty boy. I'll catch you when you
fall." That made me feel better, but also a little afraid that he was going to
leave me and any safety I felt would be gone with him.

We walked to the AU buildScene Break
 "Most of the time rehabilitate them. 80% of the cases in New York are fledglings either abandoned or neglected. Sometimes it's an unknown, rare case. I had one
girl who couldn't shift at all during the moons. Once she shifted into wolf
while the moon was full she couldn't shift out. Her tie to the moon so strong,
and her human form so weak she couldn't do it. So her family has to lock her up
for three days. She gets out on occasion and I have to find her before anyone
else." I was grateful for the years of practice while Nox talked about thingsing. We were inside and heading for the back of the
building before I realized we were heading to the service elevators. "You
remembered." I joked.

Alex grinned. "I mean I like having you curled up against me and all but I can
do without the panic attacks."

"I can still curl up against you if you want." I offered.

Alex chuckled. "Nah, that's alright. You're still mad at me."

I sighed. I guess I was, but I wanted to forget it. He could disarm me one
moment and then I was there again with my back against the wall the next. He
tugged me into the elevator, "Hey." He said, turning me towards him, "Stop. I
don't need to hear all your down talking and neither do you."

"Oh so it's for my own good."

Alex smirked. "Of course. I'd never be selfish."

I pressed my lips to his and grinned. "I want you to be selfish."

Alex leaned against the wall and put his hands on my hips and pulled me close. I
loved having him looking at up at me as he leaned against the wall. I leaned
down and licked his bottom lip then pressed mine to his and we kissed. I parted
my lips and his tongue snaked in, mine met his and by the time we reached the
Academy level we were both breathless and both hard. The door dinged opI
listened well, he talked a lot. It had been a good skill to learn back then, and
even more so today.

"Aren't you afraid of getting bitten?" The whole bite being deadly thing would
definitely make me shy away from things that could kill me.

"No. Not really. I'm a hunter. It's what I was trained to do. I'll die young as
most hunters do. But I'm going to live my way - not the way the Venatori say I
have to."

"Big talk for such a little man." I smirked. He always thought so little of
himself it was a gamble to remind him of such with playful banter.

"Little huh? I'll show you little." But the gamble had paid off as I watched Nox
bite his bottom lip. "But I don't think that'll happen anytime soon." There was
no denying he was hot for me, and I could definitely do with him underneath me.

"So now you aren't trying to get in my pants? I'm offended." The playful banter
had always been a fun part of our talks back then too. Fuck I hated those
memories - I was so happy then,en and we
pulled away slowly with a soft laugh. "Off to see a kid, I guess." I said as I
took his hand in mine and started for the nursery area.

I was curious how he was doing too. The Academy was full of people; we were in
the lower grades, where the kids were loud and obnoxious. We followed one class
down the halls, the kids were all whispering and giggling, some pointed fingers
at us. I guess seeing two grown men holding hands was giggle worthy.

Alex leaned in and whispered, "It's not us holding hands, it's your hair. They
find the color funny."

I grinned and lifted my left hand to my head and wove the many different
patterns to change the tips of my hair a different color. I didn't choose one,
It was a kaleidoscope of color. I'd have to look in a mirror I doubted Ihe killed it all...

"My motives are still the same. But we have a date to get through. And I'm
looking forward to beating you at laser tag." He said with a press of his lips
to my cheek and he dragged me out of the train. We'd finally come to our
destination.

He challenged and I had only one response, "We'll see about that pretty boy."

I bought the tickets at the window. The girl looked bored as I declared, "Two."

"Would you like a single game, or an all day pass?" she asked without ever
looking up to meet my eyes. Bitch! Didn't they teach teenagers manners these
days.

I looked over at Nox and he shrugged. I didn't care either, but an hour might
not be enough time. "All day pass." We'd probably get in a few games. We wantlk wanted
to stay that way. The kids all gasped and gaped and a few of them tapped the kid
in front of them who weren't looking. One little girl looked at me and then at
her friend, "I can do that." She took the brown lockhrough the large double doors into the center proper and the din was loud and
there was chaos everywhere. I hadn't been to one since my mother took me on my
13th birthday. "I haven’t been to one of ther hair and twirled it
in around her finger and the end magically turned purple. "See. It's not so
special."

I laughed, but it was cut short when their teacher turned around, "Cassidy, stop
fooling around, you aren't supposedse in years." I said over the
raucous.

Nox mumbled, "My first time."

"A virgin eh?" I smirked at his response "I'll be gentle. I promise."

"I hope not. I like it a little rough." Nox said before he walked away from me.
I didn't have anything to say to tos to touch the elements without your teacher.
You know this." The little girl sighed and when a comment. Which was rare. Nox went to the
railing of the lower floor whereher teacher turned around the
little girl stuck her tongue out at me. *You got me in trouble, meanie*. A stray
thought permated my head he laser tag arena was. He looked over but not
for long and then turned his back to the rail and leaneand it wasn't my own.

Fuck! A telepath, at that age, well and Magnus who used her power for little
things - rare on all fronts.

"She's loud." Alex said as they rounded a corner and we kept going straight down
the hall towards the nursery.

"What do you mean?"

"I heard what she sent you."

"Do you think she meant for you to hear?"

Alex shook his head, "No itagainst it.

"You alright?" I asked as I approached him, "You look a little pale."

"Heights. Though I think this game is almost over." He really didn't let his
little quirky fears get in the way of his actual life. He took elevators, looked
over edges, fought off monsters that could kill him with a simple bite. Fear
wasn't an obstacle for him. Poet was going to have his work cut out for him.

I offered Nox my han had the flavor of being a targeted send, likeven as I goaded him a little b it was
meant for you and only you. But she hit me too. She needs some lessons."

I nodded, "She's here, she'll get it. Though to have such strong telepathy at
her age is rare. Having such fine control of her other gifts at that age even
rarer."

"I bet you had it."

I shook my head. "No. I caught things on fire at her age."

"Somore. "Opposite sides if
we are going to see who's better."

Nox nodded and took my hand and he thought about all the ways this would be good
for us. The ramifications of playing against each other. His mind never quieted.

I chuckled. All I wanted to do was play a game, and that's what I told him. "So
in depth pretty boy. I just want to shoot you."

He grinned at me and we where is this kid?" Alex asked changing the subject.
off to our own respective sides, he was blue, I got
red.

 where is this kid?" Alex asked changing the subject.

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNTU1NTgyNTUxLDg5MzUzMzc4N119
-->