#  The Dragon Boy

I didn't exactly know where Drake was. We went down to the front desk and I
asked the woman sitting there. "Hi. Yesterday, last night actually, I brought in
a dragon and her son. I was wondering if you could tell me where her son was.
I'd like to check on him before I go up and see where things are with his
mother."

The woman looked up at me and frowned. "You have to stop bring in strays?" She
looked at Alex with a frown.

I grinned. "He's not a stray. Though I could keep him."

The woman's cheeks grew a little rosy and she looked away from Alex to her
computer. "The boy is in a detainment room." She looked at me then frowned and
started to point the direction.

"I know where it is. Spent enough time there." I said.

We walked in the direction she had pointed and we walked to the detention center
which was also on the same level as the lower grades. "Detainment, they make him
sound dangerous."

"He is in a way." I said. There was only one orange door closed in the corridor.
The doors changed with the runes applied typically but these rooms were all
designated as fire safe. "He's half dragon, he could be in a detention room for
that alone. I spent the first three days of my life in the Venatori in one of
those rooms, then spend three months when I was six in one. The orange door
indicates he's a fire starter."

I opened the door and the sight inside broke my heart. The boy was curled up on
the floor in the corner. He looked up tears streaming down his face and when he
saw me, he ran to me and wrapped his arms around my legs. "Hey little man."

"Why's he locked up alone?"

"They don't know what to do with him" I picked him up, "Do they Drake?" He
curled around me like he had before. "Drake, this is Alex. Alex, Drake."

Drake blinked orange eyes at Alex and I was glad Alex didn't make a big deal
about it instead he ran his fingers through the boys short golden hair. "I
thought it'd feel different."

"It's just hair" Drake giggled.

Alex said. "I wish my hair was that color."

"I can fix that." I said and reached up to run my fingers through Alex's hair.
He jerked away from me which made me smile. "I didn't do it."

He looked at Drake and asked, "Did he? I trust you." He glared at me with a
playful smirk on his lips. Fuck I wanted to kiss him again.

Drake shook his head. "Still bwack." He reached up and touched my hair. "Not
this."

"You don't like it" I asked. Drake shook his head. I looked at Alex.

"You heard him." He smirked at me.

I nodded in the direction we'd come with the boy on my hip. I looked at Alex,
"So what color would you like it?"

"I don't know, can you make it look flames?" Alex asked.

I had to let go of Alex's hand to do it the fun way so I just did it without the
effect, like I did in the mirror. Flames were easy, the reds, oranges and
yellows with only a few stray blues. Drake laughed and Alex looked at me like he
had seen a ghost.

"I can change it." I told Alex.

He blinked at me and then smirked, "Fuck no, it looks great." he slid his arm
around my waist and we walked to the front desk. "Barbara, we are taking him to
see his mom."

I hadn't told Alex that what I was planning on doing, but he'd read my mind.
Sometimes it was great not having to say everything - sometimes it was
unnerving. Right now it was a good feeling. I liked having Alex in my head.

"What are we going to do once he gets to his mom?" Alex asked.

"I expect we'll have to bring him back down, but it'll show her he's still
alive, let him spend some time with his mom. I'll figure out what is going on
with his mom maybe even who she's working for and what is going on."

"What do you think is going on?" Alex asked.

"Well dragons around the world bearing the Last Phoenix mark are revealing
themselves, testing us I bet. And the bank job wasn't a typical one, dragon's
don't go for money - she did something to the computer. But there has to be more
to it."

"Why?" Alex asked as we got in the plate glass elevator Or started to and Alex
looked at me with a concerned look. "You going to be alright?"

I nodded. "Yeah. It's only a few floors. But because dragons don't just do
things for nothing. They collect things, they don't want money."

"Any leads?" Alex asked as we stepped out on to the platform out of the
elevator. He put his arm around my waist and tickled Drake's belly on the other
side.

"Just the dragon sitting in that room." I nodded towards the fishbowl. "Let me
take him in, do you want to go with or stay out here?" I looked at Alex with a
smile. He could do what he wanted, he could probably hear everything anyway.

"I should go." Alex said.

I shook my head and pulled him closer with my free hand, a little boy was
between us but I didn't want Alex to leave. "It won't take long, please stay."

Alex looked at me like he was considering his options. "Only if you make me food
afterwards."

Fuck! Did I trust him enough to do that. My home…

Alex had heard my thought, he frowned, "I'm gonna go, pretty boy." He was upset
I could hear it in his voice.

"It's not that I don't want to Alex." I said softly.

"I got it. You don't trust me. No problem. I'm gonna go." He pulled away and
started walking towards the elevator.

"Please Alex let me explain." I begged. I didn't reach out to grab him. If he
really wanted to go he could, but he stopped and didn't turn around. I started,
"I want to trust you. I need to trust you. But I can't…. " I shook my head. "I
trust you not to hurt me. Please stay, let me show you."

Alex turned around. "Show me what."

"I'll tell you everything. Please, stay. Let me do this real quick and then I'm
all yours. For the rest of the day let me show you what's wrong with me. And
then if you want to go I'll understand." I was begging. I never begged and
certainly not to get my way but I needed Alex to stay, him leaving now would
mean the end and I wasn't ready for the end. We'd only just begun.

Alex sighed. "I’ll stay. I still want food."

I nodded with a grin, "Of course." I waved. "Drake say bye to Alex. We're gonna
see your mom now alright?"

He nodded and giggled with a wave at Alex, "Bye, Awex. See you soon."

I grinned. I hoped he would see him soon.
Scene Break
 For the Win (Alex)

The objective of the game was to kill all the other players or to capture their
flag. The three boys on my team all looked at me, "What do you want to do
mister? Those boys all like to just shoot, we could win by taking their flag."

I shrugged, "I'm just here to shoot people." I thought maybe I should have been
on the other side and Nox on this lets plan team.

They worked as a team but I was on the lookout for only one person. The boy in
the lead went down fast. His lights flickering a kill shot. But no one knew
where it came from. I listened to my pretty boy snickering in his head as he
relocated someplace else. The next boy went down with a blur of motion. I stood
behind one of the pillars and listened to Nox's thoughts. I got conflicting
information. He was better at distracting me than I thought he was. I had to
make a decision and I chose wrong. Next thing I knew Nox was face to face with
me my lights were already flickering. He grinned at me even as I covered my
heart with my hands in mock defeat. I was dying after all. "I thought this was
your first time." I commented.

He gave me that bright shining smile that could melt anyone's heart, "It is. But
I do this for a living, remember?" I tried not to give up my teammate behind Nox
by not looking at him, but Nox pointed the gun and pulled the trigger. The
lights brightened and the game was over. Nox's teammates cried out, "Not even
ten minutes,. No fair."

"Another game?" I asked over the music blaring. I hoped the other boys would
hear me. They were all vying for a rematch.

"He's too good, it'll just end." one boy complained.

I snickered, "Maybe we should all go against him." He wanted to play hunter I
could best him anyway he wanted. He liked to work alone I knew that much, see
how he did against a bunch of boys and someone who could read his thoughts.

He shrugged,"If you think you can beat me that way." His wink told me that he
thought he could beat me. We'd see.

"Oh I can beat you all sorts of ways." I taunted.

Nox bit his bottom lip at my comment, though he didn't get to respond as the
other boys pushed him towards the red and we were blue. Nox was feeling a little
anxious so I called out after him, "Hey pretty boy!"

He turned around and looked at me, "Yeah?"

"See ya on the playing field." I smirked. And the comment had the desired
effect, he beamed at me and he was happier. I made him smile - my smile.

Nox was hiding in the shadows when we all entered the playing field. He was
waiting for me. He knew I was his biggest threat, get me out and the boys would
be easy pickings. But he was so loud, I knew exactly where he was. I didn't need
to sneak up on him, but I came out of the shadows nonetheless and pressed him up
against the corner he was in. It was a risky move, he could have shot me, but I
was hoping that the look on my face made him forget what he was supposed to be
doing. I pressed my body against his and whispered against his neck, "You just
never shut up, do you?"

His mind was churning with the way I smelled. Distraction was the only way to
keep him with me. Keep him readable so I kissed him. He moaned against my lips
and I pulled the trigger. "I win." I smirked. "You are so easy pretty boy."

He stood there staring at me biting his bottom lip, his mind running through
what he wanted and questions about where I had been. His mind tumbled. I took
his hand and led him out of the room. We discarded our equipment and I took him
down a hall - someplace quiet.

I knew he needed reassurance. Needed me to tell him things were okay. He was so
fucking needy it wasn't even funny anymore. If Poet's offer wasn't so fucking
worth it I'd be gone. I pressed him against the wall with one hand on his chest.
The ramifications of the action could be detrimental, but it was also something
to calm him. Control was a thing for him, the power in submitting. I didn't want
a fucking sub, but here I was pandering to one. I reassured him, "For the record
\*\*I\*\* didn't have sex."

"What you do in your free time is none of my business, Alex. I just wish you'd
listen when I say don't come around smelling like someone else."

"When did you tell me that?" I dropped my hand from his chest and took a step
back to stare at him. He'd never told me that. Not once, not in the real world.
It had been something his dreamself told me when I'd come to the dream directly
after a mark and I had been together. No shower in between. But he shouldn't
remember that.

He shrugged. "I don't know. I thought you knew Venatori have a strong sense of
smell." He seemed lost about the conversation too. His mind was empty of
whatever comment he'd held on to and confusion reigned.

"Nox. I took a shower, I changed my clothes and you still smell it on me, what
more do you want?" I told him. There was nothing more. I could have taken three
showers and he'd probably still smell them on me.

"I don't know." He shrugged and dropped his eyes.

This was getting fucking annoying. "Jesus fucking Christ, Nox. Why do you do
that?"

"Do what?" He asked without looking up.

"Go all submissive and complaint when I'm angry with you." I growled out. I
hated this trend.

He took a deep breathe and looked up to meet my eyes. The only thing I saw was
that little boy who I'd seen so many times in my dream. Those big brown eyes so
afraid, lost and unfocused.

"Years and years of …." His mind danced around all the things that had happened
to make him this way. Memories of a man beating him, a chorus of hateful words
from peers and snickering words behind teachers and peers. All leading to his
own thoughts about himself. He hated himself.

"What the fuck did they do to you?" I grabbed his hand and just started walking.
I didn't care where. I didn't want to be here anymore. I needed to get him away
from this - but this was in his head. I didn't know how to pull him from his own
self destruction.

We walked several blocks in angered silence. I knew I was holding on to his hand
too tight, but he didn't complain. I was angry. I couldn't do anything about it.
Fuck! "I'm fucking hungry." I growled, " I want pancakes. Know a good place
around here?" The question came out softer than the previous statements.
Pancakes always made me feel better.

Nox shook my head. "No. I don't ever come out here unless someone makes me. Mia
and Jace live in Brooklyn but I couldn't tell you what was there either. I can
make you pancakes. I'd have to buy the ingredients, I don't have them on hand."

I smiled. I hadn't thought he'd make me pancakes. Carbs and all that, and I was
surprised when he offered. "Ever made pancakes before?" I asked.

"No, but I've made crepes, the concept is the same." Of course, he could make
fancy French pancakes. I wondered what other fancy things he could make.

I stopped and looked around. Fuck. I sighed. "I don't know how to get home from
here." I knew my way around my neighborhood. Knew the best coffee shops, and
diners and restaurants around but this wasn't my neighborhood.

Nox grinned at my ignorance and asked, "do you want to walk farther or back the
way we came is closer?" He apparently knew where he was. Made me wonder how much
of the tri-state area he knew.

Closer was better I turned us around and started walking back the way we'd come.
"I should think before I storm away." I said sheepishly.

He grinned and squeezed my hand reassuringly, "It's okay. I don't mind storming
away with you." He was too cute.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTMzOTQ4MzgzNl19
-->