#  Negotiations

I carried Drake into the fishbowl and Alex waited outside. He could have come in
but the fact that he was staying was all I cared about. His mother looked up and
I set Drake on the table and he crawled across it to her. It was sweet and cute
and they hugged which made me smile as I sat down. "How are they treating you?"
I asked.

"As I expected Venatori to. I'm starving and thirsty and all they do is talk -
never listen."

I sighed. "Let me do something about that."

I called down to the cafeteria. The kid on the other end answered. "How can we
help you?"

"I'd like to order whatever you have on special today, some lemonade a bottle of
gatorade and a bottle of water."

"Who should we bill? And where do you want it delivered?"

"The fishbowl and bill it to Nox Sétanta."

The man on the other side scoffed, "You feeding another one of your prisoners
their last meals?"

"Something like that. Can you bring it up?"

"Of course Mr. Sétanta. It'll be about ten minutes."

"Thank you." I said as I hung up the phone. I turned to the woman. "My name is
Nox. What can I call you? Your food will be here in about ten minutes."

She nodded. "Thank you. I don't want to give you my name. It doesn't matter."

I sighed. "Fine. But you need to talk to me or things might go badly."

"Are you threatening a dying woman?" She asked.

I shook my head. "No. You already know you are dead. Your son doesn't. And your
husband might benefit from whatever you can share with us. I know the Last
Phoenix is up to something. Tell me something - anything and I'll make sure your
son has the best life possible."

"You mean for a dragon in captivity?"

Again i shook my head. "No, ma'am. I mean the best life possible. I will
personally see to his safety and well being."

"Why would you do that?"

"Because I need the information and I don't like seeing kids growing up without
someone to love them unconditionally."

"But he's half dragon. You're Feras."

I laughed. "I'm half human too. I know what it's like to straddle both worlds.
And he's likely going to be strong in fire." I held my palm out and formed a
flame on it. It danced in the well light room capturing the attention of the
little boy. He giggled and held out his hand and did the same. I smiled. "Good
job." Then looked at his mother, "Who better to teach him?"

"Why?"

"Because you are going to help me."

The door to the room opened and I smelled cinnamon and vanilla and turned with a
bright smile on my face. "Dorian. What do I owe this pleasure?"

He handed me a form and slide one across the table. "Dae'lin told me about the
situation. I had papers of adoption drawn up. I figured you'd need them."

I smirked at him, "Perfect timing, as usual. Thank you?"

He nodded outside of the room, "Your friend?"

I nodded. "Yes. Alex."

Dorian grinned at me. "Margo mentioned him in her notes. Do you mind if I have a
chat with him?"

I shrugged. "Be my guest. Keep him company while I'm busy."

"I will do my best." Dorian said as he slid out the door and I assumed he headed
towards Alex, but i didn't turn around to see.

"Have you looked at the papers?" i asked.

She nodded. "Why would you do this?"

"No kid should live like I did. Human, Venatori, Dragon, it doesn't matter to
me. I'll do what I can to make him feel loved."

"He already trusts you." She sighed, "What do you want to know?"

"What's your name?" I asked

The dragon shook her head and the golden strands fell like hair around her
shoulders. Such an odd thing for apparent metal to do. She sighed as she
relented. "My name is Naomi Pierce, my husband is Gordon and you've already met
Drake, my son."

"A pleasure Naomi. I'd like to help the three of you out, but I need
information."

"I'll tell you whatever you need to know." She said. "As long as you promise me
you'll take care of my son."

"I promise." I grinned at her and took the papers in front of her and signed my
name. "I'll personally see to it he has a good life."

She stared at my signature. When she looked up there were tears in her eyes, "I
don't know what the Dragon wants. I only know what he wanted me to do."

"You know the Dragon personally?" I asked.

She shook her head. "No. I've never met him. I was recruited young, I rebelled
against my parents and… joined the opposing faction."

I smirked. I could totally understand that. "So he's not giving you orders
directly?" She shook her head, "Who's talking to you then?"

"I don't know. I have his number he's a werewolf. Short scrawny guy, big nose,
kinda looks like a rat."

"I want his number. What did the Dragon want you to do?"

Naomi looked outside the walls and stared, then back at me after several long
minutes. "He wanted me to expose myself and while doing so implate the bank
system with some kind of code. All we had to do was stick the stick in the
computer and it would do the rest."

"Do you still have that stick?"

Naomi nodded. "It's in the safe at our apartment."

"What's the combination?" I asked.

"5-35-23". She sighed, "The number you want is in my cell phone, it's the only
unknown number on the call list. That's all I know. I swear. You promise to keep
Drake safe?"

I looked at the little boy curled up in his mom's lap. "I do. I'll take care of
him. He'll have to stay here until it's official. I'm sure they'll want to clear
it with the Dragon Council. I get he's a half dragon. But he's under my
protection now, they'll have to go through me to get him. He'll also need to
stay in a special room until they are certain he's not a danger to the building.
They don't trust fire starter potential. And he's half dragon."

She frowned. "Whatever as long as you keep him safe."

"I promise to do that. Your food should be here any minute now and I'm going to
leave Drake with you. Dorian or someone else will come collect him after I tell
them where he is. It might take a couple hours."

She smiled brightly at me and I grinned. "I'm sure they have more questions. So
I need you to talk to them. This will make it all go so much quicker and they
might be good with you keeping your son with you for as long as possible. I'll
see what I can do, if you talk to them."

She nodded as i stood up. "I'll tell them whatever they ask."

"Thank you." I said as I slipped out the door and waved at Alex to join me as I
stepped into the doorway of Dae'lin's office. "Dae'lin." She looked up from her
computer with a frown. "I'm leaving the boy with his mom. Give them a few hours
then take him back down to the Academy. If she talks, see about getting him to
spend the night with her instead of in the fire rooms. He's three he was crying
in the corner when we got there."

Dae'lin's frown deepened as she saw Alex. I grinned at her, "Alex this is
Dae'lin, my boss and my former mentor, the only other woman who gives a fuck
about me."

Dae'lin rolled her eyes. "A pleasure I'm sure." She looked at me, "I'll do my
best, Nox. You know Gary doesn't like it when you bring them back alive. She's
going to be dead with in the week if the Dragon Council doesn't step in and the
boy's going with them."

"No he's not. There should be signed adoption papers. Dorian got all the
paperwork to do it right. You might need to clear it with the Council but Dorian
will file it regardless of what you and they say. He's mine - in a very short
while."

She growled and I tapped Alex on the shoulder. "Later Dae'lin. Oh, and I want
her cell phone. I need it asap. Have it dropped off at my apartment."

"Bossy, bossy!" She sighed. "I'll see that it gets done."

"Thank you, Dae'lin. I appreciate it." I grinned at her.

"Yeah, yeah. Go waste your smile on someone else." She said as I left.

I looked at Alex with a brighter smile. "I'm all yours."
Scene Break
 A Regular Thing (Alex)

He was tired of talking to me. But he wasn't tired of communicating. Nox leaned
back against the seat we'd taken on the train and for 30 minutes we sat in
silence. To the outside world we just sat there. But we were having an
interesting conversation.

It had started out not so innocent. I whispered in his mind some of the things
we'd done in the past. But I didn't say we'd done them, just thoughts of those
things - possibilities for the future to see if any of them registered. Nox
surprised me when he thought about us doing nothing together. Lounging in our
comfort zones, me watching tv and him reading a book, curled up together but in
our own little worlds. We'd never done it in the dream, but we'd spoken of our
fun things to do, things that we wanted when we met for real.

I pressed a question that Poet probably didn't care about, but it could reveal
many things if phrased correctly, *What do you want the most of all?* It had
nothing at all to do with me wanting to know.

The question caught Nox off guard. The images came suddenly and were fast and
furious. . Images of a family, of a kids playing in the background, barbeques on
the roof, a fleeting image of me with a baby were the last thing I saw before
Nox announced, "Our stop." He tried to pull back the thoughts. He thought I'd
run. I might have if I had any intentions of staying. But this was just a job.
He was just a mark - nothing more.

I knew we hadn't gotten of near his house, I supposed this was closer to the
grocery store he wanted to go to. Pancakes were still on the table. He was
making a mental list of things to by and I smirked, "Don't forget the ice-cream.
I'm sure I can find another use for it later."

He shuddered. His thoughts were flying in two separate directions one of lust
and one of disgust. It was kinda funny listening to the dichotomy in his head.
"You really are too easy."

"You have no fucking idea."

"Actually I think I do." I tapped his head and smiled at him. I knew exactly
what he was thinking.

"Yeah yeah." He stuck his tongue out at me and opened the door to the store.

His thoughts drifted to his vampire prince and his friend and I felt the
jealousy rising. I was \*\*not\*\* fucking jealous of a fucking vampire! I
growled, "We need to go to a liquor store too."

Nox raised his eyebrow and I gave him a playful smirk as I told him the truth.
"I'm not drinking another one of those god-awful beers."

"You didn't need to drink it!" He frowned. "I asked you what you wanted."

"Well this time I can say I want a whiskey."

"I could make you an Irish coffee. Or a White Russian. Though I don't have
either vodka or Bailey's on hand. My dad would thank you though." Nox added. He
was very impressive with his knowledge of things in the food area. Again I
wondered what else he knew how to make. I had a mental image of him learning how
to make body shots that had me smirking.

"You drink with your dad? I thought you didn't know him." I asked. His thoughts
raced to wonder when he'd told me that. Fuck! I slipped

But Nox shook his head in reply. "I don't drink much anymore, but he tends to
have something in his coffee when we have brunch on Saturday."

"You two close?" I asked. I wished I'd had a relationship with my father - but
that was never going to happen. He was dead - long before I was born. Though I
had a dream about him once. It was a great dream. I learned a lot after that. I
also got my heart broken. Fucking journal...

"Not really. We are trying. Kai's trying to make up for lost time, trying to be
a better parent to me than he was to any of his other kids. Mostly because he
knows how much I hated my father as a child. He feels like he should have been
there." Nox spoke even though I was distracted. I caught most of what he said.

"Did you have any close relationships growing up?" I asked. I pretty much knew
the answer but it never hurt to verify it.

"Not really. I had Sage's family, and Mia's mom. There was Dae'lin and Dorian
who sent me off to other instructors who I consider almost family. Margo my
therapist." He said as we headed for the checkout line. He stopped short, but
his thoughts kept on coming. It surprised me to hear about myself inside his
head. What he had thought of his dream guy. He added, "But no one really I
called family."

I paid for the groceries and I would expense it to Poet. Poet was really going
to hate that arrangement. The liquor store around the corner had everything I
wanted and more. I picked up whiskey, vodka both top shelf brands and I bought a
bottle of Bailey's. Not my favorite, but it worked best with the Irish Coffee.
And two bottles of excellent wine - one white and the other red. Nox asked, "Why
do we need all that?"

I smirked, "Maybe I plan on getting you drunk and having my way with you."

His voice was low and he was biting his bottom lip as he confessed, "You don't
need me drunk to have your way with me."

He was so tempting. My body remembered all the ways he could make me shudder.
But even he was leery about going there again with all the mental breakdown he's
had with me I didn't blame him.

I bumped his shoulder trying to lighten the tense mood and gave him the real
reason for the excessive drink. "It's so you have it for when I come over, so
you don't have to go out and buy anything. This way you have what I like on
hand."

"So all for you?" He grinned.

"All for me." I said as I snaked my arm around his waist. His mind went to the
touch of my fingers against his skin as I tried to reassure him. "I'll do my
best not to make things worse, alright?"

He nodded. "You didn't do anything wrong - you haven't." But I knew I had caused
a lot of his issues the past few days. And I was likely going to cause more. I
only felt slightly ashamed of myself. He deserved every ounce of angst he got
from this encounter.

"I did enough. I'm not very good at this." I paused making it look like I was
searching for the right word. This was just a job, nothing more. I continued,.
".. this dating thing."

"We dating?" He asked playfully.

His banter struck a chord as I tried to play it off. "If you want to put a label
on it."


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE0NDY4OTkwNzBdfQ==
-->