#  Nothing But the Truth

We got to the stairwell and started climbing up to my apartment. It wasn't too
many floors. Alex didn't say anything when I started up. So I kept going. We
were alone and he asked, "So you really are going to adopt him? How long do you
think that will take?"

"Officially, as soon as she signs the paperwork I could take him by Venatori
law. By human law it'll take a little while to file the paperwork as the parents
are both still living and have to sign some forfeiture of rights or something.
They'll then disappear in the system and no one will be the wiser unless you dig
deep."

"You have hackers to do that?"

I shook my head. "No. It's all on the up and up. We have people to do the job.
It's illegal in terms of we shouldn't be doing it, but we aren't hacking into
systems or doing things the wrong way."

Alex laughed, "You're entire race is a hypocrite! Breaking human laws."

I grinned. "The difference is, we don't get caught doing it." I sighed, "The
only time the supernatural pose a problem is when they start revealing our
nature to the humans. When that happens things need to stop. Murdering people
because you were hungry isn't an excuse. But the fledgling can also be trained
and taught to behave. They shouldn't be destroyed because they made a few bad
mistakes."

"You really believe that?"

"I do. We all make mistakes. Il Cane straight out of her training slaughtered an
entire village of people because she was hungry. Her sires didn't feed her
properly. Expected she knew how to feed. But she didn't. She's clinical in her
own right, much like I have my issues she has an entirely different set of them.
The biggest being lack of empathy. You'd call it a sociopath. Cari Giovanni was
an assassin, a prostitute and a thief before she became a vampire. She was
raised by a psychopath who put her into that state of mind. And the blood lust
she had as an assassin only grew worse with her embrace. She was hungry didn't
know better. She's still a sociopath but hasn't killed any humans since then
except one, but she turned him, so not really a bad thing since it was to save
his life. But that's another story."

I opened the door to the landing and we walked down the hall. "So yeah, if the
biggest, baddest of the supernatural world can get a reprieve, however
unintended it may have been and come back a better person for it, everyone
deserves that chance."

"I don't know what to say about all that. Holy fuck, comes to mind the most."
Alex said as I pushed open my door.

I shrugged and ushered Alex into my apartment. Talking about Il Cane had reduced
some of my anxiety about letting Alex back into my safety zone. But I had
promised him food and the truth. I headed for the kitchen area first, "Something
to drink?" I asked.

"Am I going to need something stiff or will coffee or water be fine?" He asked
with a smirk on his face.

I couldn't help but smile at his innuendo and I bit my bottom lip. "Maybe a
little of both." I said as I started making two Irish coffees. It was one of my
easy go to cocktails I actually drank with my father. Though I rarely kept the
booze in my apartment, but Alex had remedied that the last time he had gone
shopping with me.

Alex sat down on the couch and flipped through the magazine on the table. "You
read any of these?"

I shook my head as I sat down next to him bearing his cup and mine. "No. I think
Dorian or Sage bought them." Alex was flipping through one, he held up the cover
to me - Glamour. "That would be Mia. The whole gay best friend thing."

"You didn't read it though?"

I shook my head. "They are for my guests who find my lack of a TV annoying."

Alex looked at me and put the magazine down. "It's not annoying, it's unusual."

I shrugged. "I don't watch it, no point in it when it would just hang on the
wall unused." I took a sip of my coffee and wrapped both hands around the warm
comforting cup. "So… everything."

"I have a question first." Alex interrupted. "What's that packet on your bar?
Looks like the packet Dorian gave you for Drake? Your copy? Already?"

I glanced back to see what he was referencing and I shook my head. "No that's
housing papers. There are a lot more people moving back into the building we are
running out of space. They are offering double stipends on those who would move
off campus into the human world."

"And Dorian thinks you should?" Alex asked as he got up and grabbed the packet
of information and sat down and pulled all the information out of the envelope.
I saw a few documents, I actually saw more than I expected, the monetary value
of my pay had gone up substantially and the place they were suggesting was far
bigger than what I had.

Alex whistled. "That's a nice place, three bedrooms, a balcony, away from the AU
building. I'm betting that's a hint."

"So you think I should do it?"

Alex smirked. "Pretty boy, this place is fucked up, so yeah. If you can get the
hell outta Dodge, then do it." He shoved a piece of paper over to me, "It looks
like all you have to do is sign it."

"Everyone thinks it's a good idea." I sighed.

"You don't?"

I laughed. "Sure, it's a great idea. I don't have to follow Venatori rules, my
friends would be more comfortable." I looked pointedly at him to make my point,
"It's a great idea in theory. But I know me. I don't cope well with change. The
move will upset the balance I have, it's not just my living arrangements
changing, it's the schedule change that will come with it, the extra space I
have to manage."

Alex rolled his eyes and I knew it sounded like I was making excuses. But I
never backed down from a challenge and I quickly wove a writing implement into
my hand. It was just a basic ink pen with ink like an old quill. It would do the
job as I signed my name neatly on the application. "I'm going to be a mess for
weeks."

Alex grinned, "You’re already a mess, what's the difference."

"Thanks." I said sarcastically.

"No problem." He smirked back at me. "Alright, pretty boy, lay it on me."

I took a deep breath and stood up so I could walk over to my bed and grab the
notebook lying underneath my pillow. I dropped it on the top of the magazine
Alex and been flipping through. "Every night since I was six years old I've had
one singular dream that I remember. I have notebooks full of drawings like that.
Every dream is always the same. Everynight the darkness forms, the fog rolls in,
and a pair of eyes stalks me. When I was younger, before I knew the rules, the
demon, my demon would make me spread my legs, put my hands on an invisible wall.
And every night it would lay into my flesh with whips made of elements - fire,
water, earth and air. Each one sharp and meant to do more than flay the skin off
my back. Sometimes the dreams manifest with my own power. That's why the scars
on my back. I do it to myself."

While I spoke of the dream I made my way back to the bed and sat down on the
edge and reached underneath and pulled out a plain box. I hadn't opened it in a
while. And I didn't really want to give Alex time to comment so I kept talking.

"But after I graduated from the Academy, and on my first hunt I woke one night
to the realization that I'd been having other dreams. Ones that were eclipsed by
the nightmare. A trama so large that I didn't remember anything before it. He
said I had been having them for the same time. But how could a figment of my
dreams be real? I don't know if he was, or if it was my mind playing tricks on
me. But I believed he was real then. I found this where he told me to.
Everything in there was his except the matchbook I threw in there. I was in love
with him. I didn't know his name. Fuck I didn't even know what he looked like.
The two of you share the same eye color and I'm terrified that I'm projecting my
feelings of him on to you and that in doing so you are going to get scared and
run away."

"But we said we'd met, he never showed up. And every night for two weeks when I
tried to get to him in the dream, I got a nightmare. Instead of the red eyes,
they were blue. When the blue eyes come it's worse, because it happens twice. So
for years I did my best not to think about it. But no matter how many times I
push this box to the back, it always winds up back in the front and I stumble
over it on Sunday morning. Which is why Ant started coming by Sunday evenings to
pull me out of my self sabotaging funk."

I pointed up to the camera plate that was the only thing left of the camera I'd
destroyed the last time Alex was here. "I installed the camera, to see if I
could figure out why my power kept being used against me. But it was a pointless
endeavor, you can't catch the invisible weaves, all we ever saw was my skin
breaking open. And Sage did use it for other purposes, we had an agreement. He
can't stand to be touched, so his kink is watching others."

"You let him watch you?"

I nodded and tried not to break eye contact, but I failed and was looking at the
floor between us. "So you've never had sex with your friend?"

"I didn't say that." I sighed and looked up. "I had sex with Sage once. I was
his first, his wife is the only other person he's ever allowed to touch him like
that. He wanted me to show him how to touch her. What it would be like because
he was terrified of it. I was safe. But I've slept with Mia and Jace countless
times. But I haven't done that since well before I left the Academy. Mia was a
sexual deviant and she lead Sage and I down some pretty weird rabbit holes. But
I don't hang out with them much anymore. My friends now are more productive and
it's not about sex."

"So you've never slept with the vampire?"

I shook my head. "We came close once, when we first met. I remember he stopped
me from finding his mother, and he bought me a drink and after Ryan left, he got
too close to me. My power called to him, and his pheromones overpowered me. I
made him bite me and I wanted nothing more than to be fucked by him. But that's
the call of the vampire, it's the reason vampires can feed off of humans
willingly, because they can make it feel unfucking believable. Unlike most
vampires like Ant, he can't control the lust he sheds when bites you. That part
of his venom he's incapable of changing. He's cursed with it because he's not
quite born vampire and he's no where close to an embraced vampire. He sits in
the middle unable to tip to one side or the other."

"It was out of your control?" Alex asked.

"It was. We stopped to go back to my room. And when we got there thoughts of my
dream guy made me backup. We didn't have sex. But it started a fucking great
friendship. Without Ant I'd never have survived the loss of the idea that I was
worth loving. That somewhere out there someone loved me. And then when he never
showed up, I was close to doing stupid things. But Ant saved me."

"If he hurt you so bad, why did you keep these things?" He asked, it sounded
like he was almost sad. Or was it pity he felt?

I sighed. "I loved him. I still do sorta. But I don't, if he walked into my
dreams again and said I'm sorry I made a mistake, before, I might have said
okay. I forgive you. But now, now I've met you. And I know you don't love me,
and you might never get there, but it's real here. You're real. I can touch you.
I can remember you. You're real."

"This is me. The darkest parts. My life is filled with danger and threats and
I'm a broken mess. But it's what I am, it doesn't define me, or stop me from
doing what I should. I don't have any secrets from you. Not now." I sighed and
sat back down on the couch and grabbed my cooled cup of coffee. I sent a little
heat towards it while i wrapped my hands around it again and sipped from the hot
cup. I needed some comfort after bearing my soul.

Alex shoved all the papers in the envelope and stood up. My heart sank as he
headed for the door. He stopped and turned towards me, but I didn't turn to look
at him. "Come on. We're getting out of here. We'll drop this off and I'll give
you a taste of who I am."
Scene Break
 Down Hill (Alex)

I opened the door and he stepped through. I had to admit he was definitely a
good notch to have on my belt. I wondered how many different ways I could fuck
him before I got tired of his neediness.

He saluted the statue which I found odd, but he was happy so I said nothing. But
I knew the moment he stepped foot in the elevator things were going to go down
hill., "How many floors is it to your room?" I asked. Fuck I didn't want to walk
them all but it might be better than the alternative.

"Too many to walk with groceries." He said it, and I took offense to it
immediately

"I doubt that. I bet you take the stairs two or three times a day. How many
floors?" I asked again. If he could do it I could do it!

I sighed and relented, "47 flights of stairs."

I blinked at the thought of doing stairs that many times a day. I took his hand
and checked out his ass again. "No wonder you have such a hot ass."

"Holy fuck, he blushes." His face lit up even more than before and he was
checking his bottom lip. Fuck that was hot. "Is that going to be a thing now?"

He shook his head, "No, you just called attention to it, which makes it worse."

I wrapped my arms around him then said, "We can take the stairs until I get
tired, then I'll have to ask for the elevator."

He denied me, "We can take the service elevator, I don't freak out quite so bad
there."

"Why's that?" I asked a little confused.

"Cause I can't see the ground getting farther or closer."

Ah! I grinned. "To the service elevator then."

If we were dating, I'd probably have done more than press my body against his in
the elevator, but I wasn't sure how he'd react to the sudden change in our
relationship much less how he felt about public displays of affection. "Just in
case." But I knew he didn't mind too much, he did fuck girls on the dance floor
after all. But there had never been any cases of him with other men in public.

Nox was leaning against me and he tensed. "Fuck!" He wanted more but I smelled
like fucking Janice. Well more like Lindsay and Jared, but I showered… Fuck, was
right.

"I can take another shower if you think it'll help." I said, but the doors
opened and we were outside and he hadn't answered. I tried to get my bearings.
"How the fuck do you find your way around this place?"

"You get used to it. Just think about my room and the door will glow, and if you
get lost the doors will point the way." He pointed at the doors to our right and
I noticed the slight shift in colors leading me in one direction. Fuck, that was
convenient.

"Still, I don't know how you do it. What about your human friends?" But what did
everyone else see? I could see things others couldn't.

"Mia and Jace see what they expect to see. The human eyes are trained to see
what they expect. They don't see what they don't believe in."

"You mean magic?"

He shrugged. "I guess, but there are people who are attuned to the occult, and
see the magic of your world."

"Why do I?"

"Because you're a path. Your brain is wired differently and you can see the
truth of thing."

"I'm nothing special." I intoned.

Nox gave me that award winning smile again. He loved to flash it. "You are
special, even if you don't feel that much different from anyone else. I mean you
can hear someone else's thoughts. You don't think that's special?"

So says the kettle! "Looks who's talking?"

"I'm not special in my world. I'm just like everyone else except not as good as
they are. I'm special in your world because I can do unfathomable things, but
here, I'm just another grunt doing the work." There was that self deprecating
attitude.

"So I'm special you aren't?" He was an idiot sometimes. I only wished I could
tell him that without worrying about setting him on the road to a break down
again. So I made light of the whole thing. "I can live with that."

"Me too." He said. The door to our right started blinking furiously. "Touch the
door." He commanded.

I liked the tone in his voice, went straight to my cock, "Sounds kinda kinky."

He laughed. "Please?" And it was gone, begging and asking permission again.

"Ah, fuck! Don't say it like that." I didn't want a sub but I did as he pleaded
and the door swung wide at my touch. "What the fuck?"

"It's attuned to you."

How? More importantly why? "Why? You barely know me I could walk in now, steal
your stuff and walk out and you'd never know."

"I'd know when the things were missing and I'd know who did it. The runes can be
read and understood and keep records of things."

"But there are no cameras?" I said looking around. Well there were none outside
his room, there was

"It's dna encoded, or magic or something, but it uses something very specific to
you to open for you." I walked inside and the door closed behind us.

I looked around and saw the distinct lack of the ugly cat he dotted on. "Where's
your cat?"

He shrugged. "Dunno, she'll show up around dinner time. The door is attuned to
Fee too. She can come and go as she pleases. She just has to walk by it and
it'll open for her then close behind her."

"Handy. Where do you want me to put this?" I lifted the bags so he knew what I
was talking about.

"Find a place. I usually keep the wine in the fridge."

"I could leave it here on the counter so it looked like you were a lush." I
teased.

"And then my father might drink it all and you'd not have anything to drink when
you came over." he taunted back.

"Just blame it on your Dad." I said. His thoughts got skittish again and while
he was thinking about me running, I hadn't been thinking it until it started in
again. I could easily just bolt. But I really wanted those pancakes.

I shook my head trying to clear his thoughts from my mind. "I'm going to grab a
shower, see if I can't make you feel a little more comfortable." I needed
something that didn't smell like everyone else, his clothes were the only thing
I had. But I stopped short and looked at him to ask, "I'm going to borrow a pair
of shorts and a t-shirt."

"Borrow whatever you want." He was grinning so I opened the first drawer. I did
it slowly so he'd think about where things were and I got exactly what I needed
from him.

But I played it off like I was afraid of what I might find. "You think I have
some red lingerie in there or something?"

I laughed. He said it not me. I got the distinct feeling that the idea was very
far fetched - no women's lingerie for him. I grabbed a shirt from the front of
the row of t-shirts. Everything was rolled in a nice neat bundle ordered with a
gap at the back. He was anal about a lot of things that was clear. "Reading my
mind are you?" He asked.

"You are an open book. I'm truly amazed at what just sits on top. I don't even
have to dig for those deep dark secrets." But he had one, I looked up to make my
point, "Making your own porns?"

He shook his head "No. But…", he paused to sigh before he continued, "I'm sure
Sage has kept some of the things he's seen on it."

"What?" His fucking friend watched him. Watched him do what?

"The camera was installed to see if we could catch anything on video while I
went through my nightmares. Sage hacked it the first time he was here after i
installed it. We had an arrangement."

My anger at the thought that his friend abused their relationship clouded the
reason. I didn't fucking care. "You let him what, watch you get fucked?"

"I've never brought anyone home until you. You are the first person other than
my friends to walk in this door." He confessed.

"What about your fucking vampire prince? He's been here." I was furious, more at
myself for feeling this way at all, but he had a fucking camera pointed at his
bed for his fucking friend to watch. Him and his fucking vampire friend.

"I've never had sex with Ant. Not once, not ever. There was a time, a very short
time in which it might have happened, but I didn't go through with it."

"Why not?" I growled.

He did it again. His eyes dropped, and I stalked towards him as he spoke but
didn't look at me. "Because I was in love with someone else." Just fucking
great! I wondered what fucking person he was in love with. Obviously I meant
shit to hime. He continued oblivious to my fury. "It's not Ant's fault his bite
is intoxicating. And it's not my fault the power is like bacon to vampires."

I was confused… bacon? What the fuck?

He continued almost pleading with me, "But I never had sex with him. We are
close but it's not romantic, or sexual even if it looks that way on the outside.
I already told you I have a desire, a need to touch and Ant isn't shy and… " And
he shut up. But his mind rolled into a chaos I couldn't decypher. He started
putting away all the groceries.

I hadn't made it far before his words had stopped me. A step or two was all I
had managed. Now he was looking at me again. "If the camera is a big deal."

He reached out his hand and then the camera was smashed to tiny bits floating in
the air above my head. "We never see anything on it anyway." He said it like a
confession. Like it was something he had been meaning to do for a while now.
Someone saw something on it. He'd just told me his fucking friend watched him
with their fucking arrangement.

He discarded the broken camera in the garbage bin and then looked at me with
tears shining in his eyes, "Are you staying for pancakes?"

"I think I should go." I set the shirt and shorts on the top of the dresser and
looked at him. "I've lost my appetite and I just keep setting you off."

"No. Don't go." He whined. His mouth clicked close quickly and he took a deep
breath while his mind churned at a million miles an hour.. "Whatever you need to
do Alex." he said with no hope in it.

"If I stay I'm only going to make you worse. And I know you have an important
case and I'm just a distraction."

He sighed and turned around, I couldn't read him as he spoke. "If you leave I'm
just going to curl up in bed and do nothing anyway." I caught glimpses of his
friend in his mind. And my anger grew but he was putting everything away. He
expected me to leave. He didn't want me to go. He was such a mess I should go,
leave him to his thoughts and his fucking vampire prince.

The door opened and a small feline waltzed in past my feet and jumped up on to
the counter. The door closed behind her with a small slick and Nox lost it. That
fine shred of control he'd had, that last shred of sanity splintered and fell
away and he cried. I felt a mental nudge on my shield and looked at the cat. She
jumped down and walked into the bathroom. I followed her inside and she curled
up on top of the sink on a fresh towel. He needed to cool down and I needed a
shower. I closed the door behind me and ran my fingers over the cat's stiff fur
on her head and she purred. "Thanks Ophelia. Maybe you should go make sure he's
alright."

She stood up and stretched her body like it was an imposition. She jumped up on
the door handle and the door opened enough for her to get out. I closed it
behind her and pressed my head against the cool door. What the fuck was I doing?
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTY3NDYzMzEwNV19
-->