#  Alex's Place

I grabbed the groceries and headed out the door before Alex. I waited for him by
the elevator but didn't say anything. He joined me after I assumed he locked up.
"Nox you okay?"

I nodded. "Yeah."

"We really didn't do anything."

I growled, "I know. I believe you. I don't like that your friend knows me from
my past. And the fucked up part I don't remember her. The circle is small, the
people who'd know that part I'd know."

Alex sighed. "I'm not happy she knows you either. I don't like knowing you had a
dom." He smirked. "From what I saw she was where she shouldn't have been. Got a
few lashes from it. She thought it was worth it."

"You aren't into that though?" I asked. I was hoping that he said no, I fucking
prayed he said he wasn't into it.

He stopped me and pulled me into the alley. "Nox. I told you the truth. I don't
want a sub. It's not my thing, it's just a job. She's paying me to find her soul
mates who were right fucking in front of her."

I laughed. "Course. I'm not surprised, if she can't see through you."

He pushed me and I grabbed his hands and pulled him against me. "It's pretty
obvious you aren't some flamboyant gay guy."

"I'm a good actor."

I chuckled. "We'll see." I pulled him out of the alley. "Show me your place.
Your real place."

He nodded and grinned. "Bossy, bossy. But I'm starving and you weren't done
shopping. I literally have nothing."

I sighed. "Fine." We headed towards a grocery store. It wasn't one I knew so we
wandered a little. I picked up some angel hair pasta, some fresh mozzarella, and
fresh basil. I grabbed some panko and salt and pepper and a few other things for
seasoning. "What do you want to drink?"

"Wine."

"You want a fancy dinner?"

"I said dazzle me." He smirked.

I rolled my eyes. "All right." I grabbed a bottle of white wine. "You ready?"

Alex nodded. "I'm all yours chef. I'm starving. This won't take long will it?"

I shrugged. "Never made it before."

"I'm not some guinea pig!" Alex exclaimed.

"You are tonight." I said as he paid. "But I promise it'll be good."

"It better be!" Alex said.

We weren't far from Alex's place. Hell we weren't far from the AU building. We
climbed 4 flights of stairs and Alex opened his door. The first thing I noticed
with the smell. It smelled like him, and nothing but him. I took a deep breath
and Alex chuckled. "Do you do that at every new place?"

I shook my head. "No." i didn't know how to explain it.

Alex smirked and swept out a hand. "Make yourself at home."

I kicked off my shoes by the door and followed Alex through his house. This is
what I expected of his house. The furniture was comfortable, it smelled like
him. It felt like him everywhere. There was dust in places which meant he wasn't
here long.

Alex lead me through the kitchen and I put things on the counter. Alex looked at
me, "You want the tour?"

I looked at him and shook my head, "No, I think I'll feed the starving man who
keeps eyeing me."

"I think that's a good idea." Alex said as he sat down at his bar and started
unpacking the bags. "I don't think I've ever cooked here either."

"A virgin eh?" I grinned.

"You could only wish."

I shook my head, "Virgin's are so boring. I like 'em with a little experience,
maybe a lot, show me a thing or two."

"That's fancy coming from you!"

I groaned, "Are you calling me a slut?"

Alex sighed, "No pretty boy. I very much want to show you a thing or two."

"So you get fed, what do I get out of this deal?" I asked as I started beating
eggs in a bowl with some salt and pepper.

Alex grinned, "Since when do I have to sing for my supper?"

"Can you?"

"Can I what?"

"Sing for you supper."

Alex chortled. "Fuck, I'll show you pretty boy." Alex got up from his bar stool
and headed down the hall. He came back with a guitar and sat down to make sure
it was all in key.

"Okay, now I'm impressed."

"Yeah uh, huh." Alex said. What could I say I was a sucker for music. And I was
going to keep my mouth shut while he did his thing. I'd hate to have him stop on
my account. He looked up while I was dicing all the vegetables so I could use
them in various place.

Alex started playing a song and started singing as I made food for him in his
kitchen. His voice was soft and I was grateful for my hearing so I could hear it
over the guitar. "When the night has come / And the land is dark / And the moon
is the only light we see / No I won't be afraid  
No I won't be afraid / Just as long as you stand, stand by me / And darling,
darling stand by me."

Had I been humming the song? It felt so familiar. It wasn't one of my favorites,
but it was always there on the tip of my tongue, but Alex quickly switched to
another song halfway through the chorus. I don't know why, and I didn't ask. He
looked lost in a memory too. The next song wasn't the version I had been
expecting once he started singing Baby one more time. It wasn't Britney's
version, it was much slower and not nearly as dance worthy.

"You want something you can dance to?" Alex asked as he switched songs again. I
recognized the song immediately and rolled my eyes and while I rolled the
chicken cutlets with the tomato basil mixture and mozzarella cheese inside.

"You really want me flinging my hands around while I coat this chicken. There is
only one way to dance to that song." I did the classic saturday night fever
movie you see John Travolta doing in the beginning of the movie, fuck if it was
the only way you could dance to Stayin Alive.

Alex chuckled as he played more while I finished rolling the chicken in the eggs
and panko bread crumbs and sticking them on a pan to bake.

With that going now in the preheated oven I started boiling water for the angel
hair pasta and threw all the minced garlic, pine nuts and fresh basil into a
blender for a homemade pesto sauce.

Alex started playing something to just play when his stomach rumbled again. He
looked at me and started singing, "C is for cookie, it's good enough for me." He
went through a few rounds of that while I snickered at him then he growled,
"Alex hungry."

I grinned at him. "I'm cooking as fast as I can."

I was working on the sauce at the stove and watching the water for boiling so I
could add the pasta when Alex started playing a familiar tune. He didn't sing
this time, but the tune was recognizable. Was one of my favorite to dance to
when I was a kid - mostly because the kids in the Academy couldn't do all the
moves at the right time for Thriller. Michael Jackson had been inspirational
while I was growing up. The dance moves were provocative and so very 80s but I
loved it.

I tried hard not to dance, but the music swept me away and I started dancing to
the music without really noticing I had started. And once I had started I was
moving and I could feel Alex's eyes on me. I had mastered dancing and cooking at
the same time, it was one of my favorite things to do. I took care not to make a
mess as this wasn't my apartment but for the remainder of the cooking time I
danced for Alex as he kept playing various Michael Jackson songs. Billie Jean
was also one of my favorites.

The look in Alex's eyes were hungry and at times sad. I stopped dancing long
enough to pull the finished chicken rolls from the oven and drain the pasta.

I poured some wine, plated the food. It wasn't fit to be served in Marco's
restaurant, but it was fancier than I usually did. I pushed the plate in front
of Alex and one in front of the empty seat next to him and he finished his song
which I gave him a flourishing finish.

He grinned at me as i stood up from the bow I'd given him and he laughed, "But
can you do this." He started in on a heavy rendition of some song that sounded
great on the accoustic but was meant for the electric. He headbanged his way
through the song and I couldn't help the smirk that spread across my lips as he
straightened laughing and then a groan as his hand slipped around his neck.

I rolled my eyes. "Obviously that was done so I'd touch you."

Alex smirked, "I would never." But I was already there pressing my fingers and
thumbs into the tender flesh and he was groaning for other reasons that went
straight to my cock. Alex grabbed my hands and pulled them around him and kissed
me quickly. "If you keep that up your food is going to get cold and I'm
starving." His stomach rumbled as if I needed encouragement to let him eat.

I gave him a heavy sigh and sat down next to him and took a sip of the wine
before cutting up the chicken rolls on my plate. After my first mouthful I
asked, "Where did you learn to play?"

Alex grinned at me, "My mom taught me. It was a staple of my growing up."

"Where did you learn to dance like that?" He asked.

"Dorian paid for my instructor. She was from Spain and Dorian liked speaking
Spanish with her, if I'd thought he liked women I'd have said he was flirting,
but Dorian was really just interested in the language. Though I think he did
learn some to speak Italian to impress Marco."

"What else did Dorian pay for?" Alex asked.

"Just cooking and dancing. He did it so I'd stay out of his hair. If I was too
busy doing other things I wasn't making trouble in the AU building."

"I knew you were a trouble maker."

I hung my head and bit my bottom lip before I looked at him. I was about to say
I wasn't, but he was shaking his head, "Fuck, pretty boy, don't do that."

I straightened my head and looked at him innocently, "Don't do what?"

"You know exactly what?"

I shook my head. "I have no idea what you mean."

Alex rolled his eyes. "Eat. Then I'll give you a tour of the place and then you
can give me a proper back rub. All that headbanging hurt my neck."

I laughed. "Uh, huh." But I did eat. And we made small talk along with a lot of
flirting.

Little Monster https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qA4CIs9l6a8

Baby one more time https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFapUOfotuM

Staying alive https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fUiBrZshdiA

C is for Cookie: https://youtu.be/Ye8mB6VsUHw

Thriller https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uclaF-IZ54IScene Break
 Childhood Bully

I took my newly acquired file to the cafeteria to browse through while I grabbed
a snack to tide me over. I didn't really know what Alex had planned and being
hungry if I had to eat some strange place was easier than making myself eat. The
line was near empty at this hour, but the cafeteria was not. It was the usual
din of people talking and eating and sometimes talking while chewing which made
me shudder.

Ms. Sheila was in the back making whatever was on the dinner menu that night. I
shouted, "Hey Ms. Sheila."

She waved her hand from behind the stainless steel barrier. "You keep on moving
that line, boy. I'm too busy to say hi properly."

"That's alright. I'm just grabbing some fruit and water."

"You need more than that she shouted and peered around the corner."

"I have a date later, I think I'll eat then."

There was a clatter of pans behind the barrier and a lot of cursing. My
announcement having caught someone off guard. "Who's the lucky girl?"

"His name is Alex." I emphasised.

Ms. Sheila gave me a slight blush at the misconception. "Have fun!" She said
before stepping behind the stainless steel barrier to berate which ever of her
help had made the mess. I grabbed a banana, a bowl of berries and a bottle of
water. All things I could trust were not screwed up.

I used my allotted meal plan slot for the three items which made the guy at the
register look at me funny. Like he ever saw me here anyway. Most Venatori came
by three times a day got their three meals and a snack and were here regularly.
I only came to the cafeteria when I was too lazy to go to my apartment for a
snack.

There were not any empty tables so I took a seat with as much clearance between
me and the next person. Which gave me three empty seats between us. Sadly I'd
chosen the table with Walker Moore and Simon Harvard at the other end of the
table.

Walker nodded at me as I put the folder on the table and sat down with my fruit
and water. "That the dragon case?"

"It's for the case." I said. "Information we have on the Last Phoenix."

Harvard asked, "What for? Dragons is dragons. What does it matter which bloody
faction they are part of?"

"Well when all the cases of dragons showing themselves to humans are all part of
the same faction it matters." I said flatly as I cracked open my water and took
a long drag of it.

Walker moved over to sit across from me, "How do you know they are all the same
faction?" He was genuinely curious.

"All dragons are part of a faction. All factions except The Golden Clan have a
unique brand given to them on their true form. It translates as a tattoo on
their human form. Dragon 101."

Walker chuckled, "You really think anyone listens to the fire breather as they
tell us about their kind?"

"I did." I said as I peeled my banana and took a bite.

I heard a laugh from behind me but I hadn't heard the comment. But I recognized
the laugh. And three seconds later a big black man was standing next to me. He
leaned down and spoke loud enough for three tables away to hear. "Wishing that
was some guy's cock?"

I grinned at him and swallowed the piece I was chewing very deliberately. "You
only wish it was your cock. Tell me, do your friends know about who you fucked
on survival training?" I stood up and Aaron's body was hard against mine. I was
taller than him but he was far wider and I didn't exactly have the leverage to
be bullying him with the seat between my legs as it was.

Aaron went to throw me to the table by grabbing the back of my neck. He did it
so often and it had been something I'd been working with Ant and Ryan with over
the past few years. I ducked and then quickly had him in the position he
intended for me. His face on the table and my hand against his neck and the
small of his back. I had my body pressed against his ass like I could fuck him
right there. But I wasn't even hard for this fucker. He was an asshole.

I leaned over him, "Want me to show them right here what you did to me?"

He started to struggle beneath me and I released him with a shove to the
otherside of the room. "Fuck off Aaron. Maybe one of your goons will jerk you
off."

I sat down in my seat and popped a blueberry in my mouth waiting for Aaron to
try something again. Mother fucker!

Walker and Harvard were both watching me as I flipped through the file now that
the fuckwad was gone. "Anything interesting?" Harvard asked.

"If you'd stop referring to me as Harvard I might actually like you. Aaron
Woolbright was a dipshit in the Academy."

"I know. He was my roommate." I said. "So what we on a first name basis?"

"Simon will do for now. You know Walker. Tell us what you are thinking?" The big
black man said. He was twice as wide as Aaron and he could probably break me in
half without breaking a sweat.

The man laughed. "You don't shut up do you?"

I grinned. "I hate shielding my thoughts and feelings. I have to shield what I
see, hear, smell so blocking more is too time consuming."

"You're shields should be nothing."

"My shields take conscious effort to maintain. You try not seeing patterns that
are everywhere. My father is the same way if you ask any telepath in the room."

Harv… Simon laughed. "I've been around Mr. Viddens before and he isn't quite as
vocal as you are."

"Because Kai doesn't think as much as I do." I stuck my tongue out at him. "I
ramble. It's how I get from point A to point B. Dae'lin says I get lost in
thought. Margo says it's because everything happens too fast and I can't process
it quick enough."

"So Mr. Viddens processes it faster?" Simon asked.

I shrugged. "His is glimpses of action. Visions all combined into one thing, he
sees the possibilities as a movie. Think like the movie Next where Nicholas
Cage's character can see into the future for 2 mins at a time. Over and over.
Kai's ability is like that except he can see for longer periods of time and
sometimes seem infinite possibilities. But he has to think about it. Control it.
For me. I see the pattern in things. I can see the molecular structure of
everything if I tried really hard." I sighed, "It's more complicated than you
think. But back to this." I tapped the papers. "This is the leader of the Last
Phoenix. Ye Pan, or the Dragon. THE dragon." I rolled my eyes, "As if there is
only one. But he has several operations in the City - docks, legal, big business
here. But the little people is what I want. So they hang at the Ugly Dog Saloon.
At least that's the joint the last few dragons had been caught in. It's in
Harlem which is vampire territory. So it's likely a safe haven for other
supernatural creatures. Doubt that the beer is any good."

"So when do you plan on going?" Walker asked eagerly.

"What?" I asked.

"When do you plan on going to take out this dragon?" Harv… Simon clarified.

"Um. I have a date at 3. I don't know I might be able to go later tonight, but
I'm not going to plan that. I have no idea what I'm walking into. I'd rather
have back up."

"We'll go." Walker chimed in.

"That's not…."

Simon laughed, "We too straight for you?"

I sighed. "No, it's just you'll kill everyone and I'd rather not have the
reputation that I bring Feras into their safe havens."

"We won't kill unless provoked." Simon said.

"I'd prefer if you didn't kill at all."

Walker sighed, "So tonight?"

"I … I don't know." I wasn't liking this rush job. "Tomorrow. Tomorrow night
better so I can at least set things straight with the vamps so we don't get our
heads bitten off the moment we cross the territory line."

"You are worried about pissing off some vampires?"

I sighed. "And werewolves, and dragons and not to mention Il Cane. Give me time.
This is \*\*my\*\* city remember."

"We've worked this city more than you have." Simon growled. "Whatever. We're
going in tonight, you can come with or not." He got up and stormed out of the
cafeteria. Walker gave me an apologetic smile before he too was out the door.

Fuck!


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNzkwNjM5NDUxXX0=
-->