#  It's Early

Alex fell asleep and I sat staring down at him just watching his chest rise and
fall. I was afraid to moveScene Break
 You're Late

Three PM arrived and I was doing alright.

Ten minutes past three and my heart started to race.

Twenty and I wake him but I had to go to the bathroom. Fucking
biological functions interrupting things. I slide slowly off the side of the bed
and he grumbled a little before I was out the dos pacing the lobby in front of Atlas.

Thirty minutes later I was standing outside of the AU building talking to
myself. "How long do I wait?" I'd never been stood up before. I whispered, "I'll be right
back."

And for all intensive purposes I was. I just went to the bathroom. I didn't even
check to see if my eyeliner was smeared. I heard Alex waking up and I didn't
want to worry him. But as I stepped back inside the bedroom I saw him looking
around in a panic. "I'd never leave without waking you first." I said'd never been in
the position to have been stood up. I always picked up Dan. He knew where to
walk me and that was it. He never even asked to come inside. I musta sucked as a
boyfriend. He sucked worse… or was it better.

I sighed at my distraction but at least I wasn't pacing anymore. I leaned
against the rough wall that made up the base of the AU's foundation. After the
first floor it was nothing but slick smooth glass going up. I never looked up,
but the base was solid. Built to withstand earthquakes and tsunamis I was told.
But I wasn't an architect. "I just
had to go to the bathroom."

He didn't say anything as saw the flaws in the building so I never looked up.
The human construction was augmented with magic, but the wmaggled his fic was flawed. The
shields were crackinger and rolled over into the middle
of the bed and pulled me down next to hithere were gaping holes. I never looked up. And when I
used to jump from wthen I gave him my hands. Alex was
shaking. "You okay?" I whispered against his neck.

"A bad memory, that's all. I'm bette roof I never looked at anything but the ground. I watched
it rush towards me. I remember thinking it would be a quick death once or twith you rice.
But those thoughts here. Don't do that again
okay?"

I nodded. "I think I can manage that." I smirked at up at him.

Alex smiled at me and pressed a soft kiss to my lips. The soft kiss evolved
quickly into teeth and tongues and a frenzy of all the fucking times we'd
stalled out in the middle things. Alex ended up lying on top of me, his body
pressing into mine. Our hips pushing against the other looking for friction as
we kissed deep. Alex shifted and I tilted my head so he could get at my neck and
I shivered as his tongue and lips trailed down over my jaw to a spot on my neck
that Alex worried with his teeth and then ran his tongue over soothing it.
Sucking and biting and I couldn't help the sounds that left my lips as my
fingers dug into the skin of his back.

Alex grabbed the hem of my t-shirt and yanked it overad vanished soon after I was stood up.

I remembered the pain of my dream guy not showing up and I slid down the wall.
It was happening all over again. Fuck!

I glanced at my watch for the billionth time in the span of the last ten
minutes, forty minutes late. How long did I wait?

I watched as people passed. The streets got busier as I sat on the ground with
my head resting against the building with my eyes closed. How the fuck long
should I wait? His coffee had gone cold half an hour ago. I had kept it warm for
another ten before I tossed it in the garbage my hands were destroying the cup.

My once ironed sleeves were not a rumbled mess from the grip and release I had
going on. A nervous habit. The hoodie would have withstood the strain of my
anxiety.

Fifty minutes late. I couldn't move even if I wanted. My ass hurt - and not in a
good way. My headache. My heart pounded in my chead, my arms above my
head and he smirked as his left my arms in thst. I was doing everything I
could not to throw up. Several people tossed dollar bills into my empty coffee
cup like I was some shiort and I had to untangle
myself but his fingers were running the length of my chest over the claw marks
there. He took a deep breathe and shimmied down and kissed the marks on my
chest. "You didn't tell me the bear got you too."

I tried to think when I had mentioned theof beggar. I looked like shit. I felt worse.

I stopped looking at my watch after that. Maybe it was broken. *It's not
broken,* came a thought that was not my own. Then the voice followed, "How long
have you been out here?" His voice was just out of earshot which meant he was
squatting down next to me.

"I didn't know how long to wait?" I didn't open my eyes. Hell I didn't do
anything I could barely brear. But Alex's fingers and tongue
were distracting and I couldn't think beyond his touch. I reached into Alex's
hair with one hand and he grabbed my wrists and pressed them above my head and
kissed me lothe.

"I'm sorry, I'm late. I got tied up with a client, and I forgot my phone." A
gust of wind barreled down the street sending the coffee cup careening down the
street with the few beggared dollars in them.

My eyes were still closed. I was still having and hard pinning me still beneath him. "Now I need to starttime breathing but I caught
the smell of other people all
 over." His voice was deep with lust and I withered underneath him. "Stay put."
He said as he moved from my lips to my neck. He nipped at the spot he'd been
playing with before and I tried not to groan at the tender spot as he moved down
to pay attention to the scars along my chest. He took a nipple in his mouth and
ran his tongue around hit before he bit softly at first, and then again harder,
over again until I was arching my back and he moved to the other one and was
paid the same through attention to it.

He worked his way lower until he was running his tongue along the rim of my
belly button. I was whimpering by the time he delved his tongue into the center
of my belly and it felt like he was doing the same thing to my cock each time.

Alex sat between my legs and stared at me. I met his eyes and couldn't help the
whimper that escaped as he just stared at me with that smirk. "I think I like
how well you behave."

I beamed at him and bit my bottom by lip. "Always."

We sat that for uncountable seconds just staring at each other. The longer I
looked at him the more I wanted Alex. It wasn't just sex, he was fucking hot,
something more to it than that. It was like coming home. And when Alex leaned
down and kissed me, I was lost to that feeling. I didn't care what happened
outside of that moment. I was home.

Each kiss was heaven. Every touch made me moan. His hands on me, my hands on him
and nothing else mattered, just me and him. It had been early when we had
dinner. Earlier than usual, but by the time we were both lying in each others
arms, our hearts pounding, catching our breath the sun had set and the hours
grew late. I should have gone home. I knew waking up in his bed at 4am was going
to cause problems, but his arms around me felt too good. I never wanted to
leave. I wante Alex. The perfume was not his. Neither was
the cologne and I could smell the lingering scent of sex on his skin. "I thought
I asked…" I stopped. I shook my head.

"You thought what Nox?"

"Can't you read my thoughts?" I sighed and opened my eyes. "Are we going?"

"Do you still want to?" He asked.

"I…" I stood up or tried to anyway. Alex caught me and helped me stand up. I
pushed away all the other smells that were on him. I needed him… fuck, I needed
him. I locked the thought tight in my head. But let everything else flow around
it. He wasn't ready. I wasn't ready for the thought. I clung to him and
pretended I was still a little broken.

"You know I can hear your thoughts right?"

I nodded. "I know."

"Are you hiding something from me?" He kept his arm around my waist as I stood
on my own feet.

"Maybe. A guy's gotta have a few secrets." I grinned at him.

"Is it major secret?" Alex asked.

I smiled and pressed a kiss to his cheek. "Just my feelings for you."

"And you don't want me to know?" he asked.

I shook my head. "You'll walk out like you did last night so no I don't want you
to know."

"I…" Alex started but I pressed a finger to his lips. "No. I'm okay. For once, I
can say that. But I need you to not feel bad about anything that happens. Let's
go play laser tag, pretend I didn't have a panic attack. Pretend yesterday's
attacks didn't happen. Just know that I don't have control over my reactions
sometimes."

Alex sighed. "You are high maintenance aren't you."

I nodded. "Yeah. I don't think that even begins to cover it."

"So, you sure you want to do this?"

"I'm sure. I didn't get all dolled up for nothing." I grinned.

"All of this for me?” He smirked and leaned back to give me a once over. “I like
the hair, the color suits you. We don't have…" I kissed him instead of stopping
him with my finger again. His lips made me stumble against him. He caught me.
"Easy pretty boy."

I smiled against him. "We could tgo upstay this moment. Never in all my life and anyone made me
feel like this. I drifted off to sleep with thoughts of blue eyes and Alex's
arms wrapped around me, his body pressed against mine and I was safe. Everything
about the morning to come I'd deal with then, right now the only thing that
mattered was Alex and me.
irs." I said and pressed my face against
his skin. I smelled all the rest on him, but I pushed it all away. I tried so
hard.

"Let's go play some games and we'll see where it goes?"

I nodded. "I'm good with that too." Alex pulled away and took my hand and headed
for the subway.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTI5MDI1NjM3MV19
-->