#  Breakfast at Bonnie's

We walked a few blocks to Bonnie's little diner across from the AU building. It
was a quiet walk, both of us in our own minds, or Alex in mine. I didn't know. I
just hoped he didn't get on to me about being a mess again. I could do my best
to not show him how fucked up I was. But I hated being fake.

As we walked and my thoughts spiraled into descent Alex took my hand. "Do you
want me to stop reading you? Not that I think I can, but I could try."

I shook my head. "No. But remember my thoughts are my own. If they bother you,
you don't have to read them."

Alex nodded, "Maybe I should just go, leave you to your thoughts."

I stopped in the middle of the sidewalk, we'd almost made it to Bonnie's without
a fight. "I don't want you to go. I just don't want you to get mad at me because
my thoughts are a mess." I sighed, but turned and walked towards the diner
pulling my hand free. "But you do what you want, obviously I'm selfish."

Alex grabbed my arm, "Fuck Nox. Can't we just have breakfast without fighting."

"I'd like to." I said and pulled my arm from his grip, I pulled my shields up
tight around me and I heard Alex groan as he caught up to me.

"You didn't have to do that." He said.

"I did. You don't want to see my selfish thoughts, so now you get to see what
everyone else does." I sighed as I opened the door and stepped inside the small
diner across the street.

Bonnie greeted us, "Hey Nox. Alex." She sounded surprised to see us both
together.

Alex took a seat in a booth in the middle of the room and I slid in across from
him. I looked back at the place I usually sat and felt uncomfortable, but I put
on a smile and took a deep breath.

Bonnie came to our table and smiled, she gave me a look of concern but started
rattling off today's specials. "Your usuals boys?" She asked.

I nodded. Alex looked at me, "Yes please."

Bonnie took our orders and left us alone with a glass of water a peice and the
growing gap between us. "You come here often?" Alex asked.

"I used to come here everyday when I was younger. It was an easy respite from
the chaos that is the dorms so I could study without someone trying to make
trouble." I said. "How long you been coming here?" I asked.

He smiled. "For as long as I've been following you."

"Oh." I said. I wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing.

"Nox…" Alex said.

"I don't want to talk about it Alex. I don't want to fight." I looked at him
with a smile, "Why do you have two apartments? I mean, do you rent them both, or
have you lived in New York long?"

"I told you one's a business one."

"Right, but why don't you just have one? Seems like a lot of wasted money to
me." I said.

"I have money to waste. But I only pay for one, the other is bought and paid
for. I haven’t been in New York long. Only since December."

"And you already bought a house? Must really like it here." I said.

Alex shook his head, "Actually I hate this city."

I frowned. "I'm sorry."

"I'd say it's not your fault, but it's part of the reason." Alex said.

"And the other part?" I asked, trying to ignore the lingering tension that had
risen between us at the admission.

Bonnie brought us our coffee and set down a pot for us to refill with at need.
"Your food will be ready soon darlings."

"Thank you Bonnie." Alex said as she left. "Uh. A woman I was seeing died here."

"I'm sorry." I said. "Were you close?"

"What's will all the questions, Nox?" Alex asked.

I took a deep breath and sighed. "You say I never ask, so I'm asking."

"Shit! Well don't, Nox. I don't want to talk about me."

I nodded. "Which is why I never asked." I stood up, pulled my wallet out and
dropped cash on the table. "We'll try this again some other time. Enjoy
breakfast. I'll call you later." I said as I walked out the door so close to
fucking tears it wasn't even funny. I didn't wait for traffic to lull as I
pulled a veil around me and walked across the street avoiding the cars on a lane
by lane basis. No one even knew i was there. I could have stood there all day
and unless someone tried to change lanes at the precise place I was standing I
was perfectly fine. But I had a job to do and I needed to go do it.Scene Break
 A Friendly Game

Alex quickly caught up to me and had his wallet out before we even reached the
window to buy our entrance. "Two."

"Would you like a single game, or an all day pass?"

Alex looked to me and I shrugged. "All day pass." Though I was doubtful we'd
play a game all day. But Alex paid for it and we walked inside, he pulled me
through the double doors and from the coat room into the large and very loud
gaming center. "I haven’t been to one of these in years."

I mumbled, "My first time."

"A virgin eh?" Alex joked. "I'll be gentle. I promise."

"I hope not. I like it a little rough." I said as I walked away from him. I
didn't really have a destination in mind but there was a balcony which I risked
looking over to see the field below. I didn't look long before I was turning
around and leaning against the railing watching Alex watch me.

"You alright?" He asked, "You look a little pale."

"Heights. Though I think this game is almost over."

Alex held out his hand, "Opposite sides if we are going to see who's better."

I nodded. It was always more fun to play games with someone you knew. On the
same side was fun in most cases, but this was more about learning your opponent.
Which in turn was learning about him personally. Watching his patterns, his
motives, his actions. Always analysing things.

Alex chuckled, "So in depth pretty boy. I just want to shoot you." He grinned
and tugged me along to the staging area. He was red, I was blue. We each had a
team of three other boys who looked like they'd played a few too many video
games. Alex was ushered off into his area and I into mine.

One of the boys, he was thinner than the others. His red hair and freckles made
me think of Ron Howard's character in Happy Days - one of Sage's favorite old
timey shows he made me watch as a kid. Said it was the only show he remembered
watching with his Dad - his biological father before he died. He seemed to be
the de facto leader, "Hey old guy."

I smirked, "My name is Nox."

"Old guy, don't slow us down. We got the other boys, you take down your friend
the other old guy."

I nodded. "Sure."

We were shown how to use the guns properly. We were told not to jump from the
high points that said do not climb. And we were told no running. All rules I
could handle easily.

The game clock started and our guns were activated and the chest baubles lights
flashed on and the game started. We had 30 minutes to kill as many opponents or
capture their flag. The boys just wanted to shoot things. Which was fine with
me. That's what we did. There was no strategy just a bunch of boys shooting
around and yelling. I watched and the other team ran from pillar to pillar
trying to get past us and to our flag. Their strategy was a little different. My
team was missing like crazy and running around rolling on the ground like they
were Navy Seals or something.

The first boy came into sight and I sniped him down without giving away my
position. But I moved anyway. Catching the second one with him with a quick roll
to the next pillar. This was almost too easy.

Alex was behind a pillar and I knew he could hear me. He wasn't watching so I
thought one thing, then did the opposite. He got that part too but which was
truth. He chose wrong and turned into me my gun at his chest level and his
lights were flickering he was out. I grinned at him. His hands covered his
heart, "I thought this was your first time."

I smiled. "It is. But I do this for a living remember."

The last boy was trying to sneak up on me and I didn't even turn when I fired
and shot him.

The lights came up and the time stopped. "Not even ten minutes,” the boys on my
team shouted. “No fair."

"Another game?" He asked me loud enough for the other boys to hear.

"He's too good, it'll just end."

Alex snickered, "Maybe we should all go against him." He gave me this look that
said teach you.

I shrugged,"If you think you can beat me that way." I winked at Alex.

"Oh I can beat you all sorts of ways." He smirked.

I bit my bottom lip as they other boys pushed me towards the red and they all
stayed on the blue. I was really going to do this. I sighed. Alex called from
the door, "Hey pretty boy!"

I turned at looked, "Yeah?"

"See ya on the playing field."

I nodded and gave him a smile. I was happy to see him anywhere, his lips spread
in a smirk as he read me and I couldn't help the smile that changed on my lips.
I loved that smirk.

I focused on seeing that and only that as I got ready by myself. It wasn't the
first time I'd had everyone against me. The first time I had used my powers
openly on a field of play in survival everyone felt it was them against me. So I
was the target of even my own side. Fair is fair they said. Funny thing about
paintball though, you can't hit me if you can't get past the air shield. That
technique wouldn't work here, air wasn't going to stop the laser light.

I could stay hidden until the timer ran out. Hidden in a veil. But that was
cheating. I found a corner I could see everything in the shadows but they
couldn't see me. I only had one person to worry about - Alex. I could shield but
I wasn't lying when I said it hurt. So he was going to find me. I was kinda
counting on it. He was number one on my kill list at the moment. Him out of the
game, the rest would be cake. Though he knew that too. I was in a pickle.

A shadowed figure came up beside me and instead of shooting me he pressed his
body against mine backing me deeper into the shadows. "You just never shut up,
do you?" Alex whispered against my skin.

I caught the perfume and others on him again and I waited - waited for the next
move. Was I faster than him? But I didn't get a chance to find out as his lips
pressed against mine. I couldn't help the moan that escaped my lips from deep
within my throat. Alex was chuckling as the lights turned back on and I looked
down at the flashing lights. "I win." He smirked. "You are so easy pretty boy."

I stood staring at him biting my bottom lip. Fuck I wanted more than a kiss, but
he smelled like sex and other people. His smile faded, I hadn't hidden the
thought. He took my hand and led me out of the room. He discarded our gear in
silence and then he took my hand and lead me away. We were in a small hall that
lead to the bathrooms, it was the quietest place Alex could find. He pressed me
against the wall with one hand to my chest. "For the record \*\*I\*\* didn't
have sex."

"What you do in your free time is none of my business Alex. I just wish you'd
listen when I say don't come around smelling like someone else."

"When did you tell me that?" Alex dropped his hand from my chest and took a step
back staring at me like I was an alien or something he didn't understand.

I shrugged. "I don't know. I thought you knew Venatori have a strong sense of
smell."

"Nox. I took a shower, I changed my clothes and you still smell it on me, what
more do you want?"

I shrugged. "I don't know." My eyes dropped to his feet and I felt lost again.

"Jesus fucking Christ, Nox. Why do you do that?"

"Do what?" I asked without looking up.

"Go all submissive and complaint when I'm angry with you."

I took a deep breathe and looked up to meet his fiery ice blue eyes. Such a
contradiction of terms but they were on fire with anger - anger at me.

"Years and years of …." I wanted to say abuse, but it wasn't that and it wasn't
training. It was years and years of compliance. Years of being nothing, no one.
Being dead weight.

"What the fuck did they do to you?" He grabbed my hand and we headed out of the
facility. We walked past the first train stop and the next one wasn't for
another few miles. Long Island City wasn't like the City, the stops were farther
apart, but I wasn't sure Alex knew that but I didn't say anything.

We walked several blocks in angered silence. I could feel the anger seething off
Alex. His hand was tight on mine but not painful, just like he was afraid I
might run away. Maybe he was afraid of running away. "I'm fucking hungry. I want
pancakes. Know a good place around here?"

I shook my head. "No. I don't ever come out here unless someone makes me. Mia
and Jace live in Brooklyn but I couldn't tell you what was there either. I can
make you pancakes. I'd have to buy the ingredients, I don't have them on hand."

A smile spread across his lips but he didn't look at me. "Ever made pancakes
before?" He asked.

"No, but I've made crepes, the concept is the same."

He stopped and looked at me then sighed, "I don't know how to get home from
here."

I grinned, "Do you want to walk farther or back the way we came is closer."

Alex turned around spinning me in place and then headed back the way we came. "I
should think before I storm away."

I grinned, "It's okay." I squeezed his hand, "I don't mind storming away with
you."


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbODk1NzY0MTA2XX0=
-->