#  Emergency Session

I made it across the street and up to my room. I pushed open the door and the
world crashed in on me. I let my shield go and I felt the anxiety wash over me
like a bucket of coldScene Break
 Grocery Shopping: Round 2

The train back into the city was 30 minutes of us flirting silently. I leaned
back against our seat and Alex spoke in my head. Little whispered things he
wanted to do. I thought of things I wanted him to do to me, what I wanter. But I didn't like the way I left it so I sent Alex
a text.

N: I'm sorry I left like that. I just need time to wrap my head around things. I
know selfish, but I have to do what I have to do. Maybe we can get together for
lunch tomorrow? I'll cook.

The text was off and I sat down at the bar, my body was shaking. I dialed
Margo's personal number. It was still before working hours but I needed to talk
to someone who wouldn't judge me. I was going in-fucking-sane right then.

Margo picked up groggily, "Hello?"

"I'm sorry to bother you Margo. But I need to talk."

"Nox, alright." I heard the bed rustle and she was moving around d to do
to him. Not all of the thoughts were about the bedroom which surprised Alex. One
thought was of just us lounging on the couch doing whatever in our own little
worlds but together, me curled up in his lap reading with a headset on and Alex
watching TV, or at least that was the thought he injected over top of mine.

He asked me *What do you want the most of all?*

The question was so sudden, so out of left field that I could barely stop the
blur of thoughts that the suggestion had invoked. Images of a family, of a kids
playing in ther bedroom. "I
can meet you in ten."

"I can come up to you." I said. "I'll ackground, barbeques on the roof, a fleeting imakge you breakfast."

Margo was silent of Alex with
a baby were the last thing he saw before too long. "No, I'll come to you. You can still cook me
breakfast."

I nodded, "Alright."

So I started making breakfast for 2he train announced our stop. "Our
stop." I whispered trying to break the mental image. Trying to keep him from
running away at my over-the-top feelings. It wasn't really hungry. Though I knew I
should eat. I made eggs and sausage and threw in a few slices of toast. It
wasn't the greatest breakfast in the world but it was all I could manage right
now. I was just going through the motions. I was sipping coffee when there was a
knock on the door and I let Margo in.

She looked professional and like she'd been up for hours. She was probably the
fastest woman alive, I smiled to myself. Mia had been so fucking slow to get
ready and I thought I was bad in all my perfectionism.

Margo sat down in Fee's chair. The cat was still asleep on her pillow she hadn't
even noticed that I was home yet. "What's wrong, Nox?" Margo asked then started
cutting her sausage to mix in her eggs.

"I told you about the guy I met?"

Margo nodded. "Turns out he's the same guy I was going to meet five years ago."

Margo turned and blinked at me, "The one from your dreams?"

I nodded. "One and the same. He laid out a lot of things that I don't remember
and a few that only proved he was right." I pushed my eggs around my plate. "Is
it possible that the nightmares were that overpowering."

Margo sighed, "Dreams are a funny thing, no one really understands them.
Conscious and subconscious thoughts all lingering together to form images as we
sleep. And a dream walker - well that's something entirely different. But your
nightmares are strong and predictable Nox. There is no telling what it
overwrites in your brain."

I ate a piece of sausage and nearly gagged on it. I pushed my plate from me and
looked at Margo. "He called me selfish. Everything's always about my anxiety and
my problems."

Margo smiled, "It won't be that way forever. You need time to adapt is all."

"I don't have time to adapt, Margo. He throws me curveball after curveball and I
adjust and then everything crashes in on me." I shook my head. "I fucking love
him. From the moment I kissed him outside Aspect. I wanted more. Even now I want
to go back to his place. Beg him to forgive me, but I can't. I can't go back
because if i do I'm going to break down again. We've known each other for three
days in the real world and every fucking time we are together I have a fucking
breakdown."

"He's change. You know it will pass."

"I do. But he doesn't. He doesn't have the patience."

"Then maybe he isn't the one Nox."

"Fuck, no." I sighed. "I've been pining for him for 5 fucking years. Wondering
what we could have had if I'd gone to him instead of my Dad."

"Nox, do not go there, you made the right choice."

"Did I? Did I choose to save my father instead of start something that could
mean I'd be in fucking high heaven right now?"

"And if you father died while you did that? You'd be beating yourself up over
that."

I sighed. "Yeah but I didn't know my dad then. I wouldn't be any closer or any
farther from him because of it."

"You'd wish your father dead?" Margo sounded appalled.

"Not dead, Margo." I groaned as I stood up and dumped my food in Fee's bowl. "I
just wish I hadn't had to make the choice. If Jace is right and he didn't show
up then yeah wrong decision, but he did show up. He thinks I wasn't interested."

"He's a telepath, Nox. He knew the truth."

"He doesn't act like he knew the truth, Margo. He told me I was just a fucking
job. He only took it because he wanted to hurt me like i hurt him."

"So there you have it Nox. Not the one."

"Margo, stop with the he's not the one. We didn't even get a chance to try.
Because it's nothing but lies. He's always been about the lies. All those faces.
Never the same."

"Nox, how do you know that? I thought you said you didn't remember?"

"I don't." I said. "I sometimes say things I don't know where they come from."

"I think you might be repressing memories, or at the very least your nightmares
are hiding them." She smiled at me as she finished her last bite. "I think
Monday we'll start with a different therapy, think about where you want to start
in your memories. And we'll go from there." She glanced at the time on her
watch. "I have a session in an hour. Monday? Or do you want to pull in a second
session. Maybe on Thursday?"

I shook my head, "Not this Thursday, it's my birthday."

Margo smiled. "Right. I knew that. Monday then, and you can decide if we need to
do the memory therapy on another day then alright?"

I nodded. "Thanks Margo. For everything."

Margo stood up and put her hand on my shoulder. "Honey, don't break down alone,
and don't throw yourself into work. But I know you will. I will have Dorian
check on you later."

"Thanks again."

"My pleasure, Nox." She said as she left my little apartment. I felt even more
alone now. Fuck!
the first time I'd had the
thoughts. It wouldn't be the last time, but it was the first time there had been
someone else there with me.

We didn't exit the train closest to my place, since we had groceries to buy
first. I thought about all the things I needed and Alex was smirking, "Don't
forget the ice-cream. I'm sure I can find another use for it later."

My body shuddered at the thought for more than one reason. The idea of the cold
sticky food stuff running over my body sent me into a minor panic, but the the
thought of Alex's hot mouth all over my body chasing the cold made me groan
inward but it escaped as we walked up the stairs to the street.

Alex was smirking, "You really are too easy."

"You have no fucking idea."

"Actually I think I do." Alex tapped my head with a smile.

"Yeah yeah." I stuck my tongue out at him and opened the grocery store door. I
didn't have any of the fixings except eggs, and if I used eggs now I'd run out
for breakfast so I picked up more eggs. I could make a full out breakfast for
Alex, though he said he wanted pancakes. It was rather ironic I was still having
breakfast for dinner tonight.

My normal go to dinner I canceled before leaving Ant and Ryan last night. They
knew I had a date. While I didn't expect him to be spending the night, we seemed
to get interrupted long before we got that far, and we ended up fighting more
often than not. I didn't want to have to rush away either. Ryan was all 'you go'
and Ant was just smirking at me. He could read me almost as well as Alex could.

We had a basket and Alex grabbed a few things from the shelves and put them in
the basket I was carrying. I put what I needed in. Alex dropped in a carton of
vanilla ice cream. "We need to go to a liquor store too."

I raised my eyebrow and he smirked at me. "I'm not drinking another one of those
god-awful beers."

"You didn't need to drink it!" I frowned. "I asked you what you wanted."

"Well this time I can say I want a whiskey."

"I could make you an Irish coffee. Or a White Russian. Though I don't have
either vodka or Bailey's on hand. My dad would thank you though."

"You drink with your dad? I thought you didn't know your him." I didn't remember
ever telling Alex that. And it wouldn't have been a curren thought. But I let it
go. It wasn't like it was a secret.

I shook my head. "I don't drink much anymore, but he tends to have something in
his coffee when we have brunch on Saturday."

"You two close?" Alex asked I detected a hint of jealousy?

"Not really. We are trying. Kai's trying to make up for lost time, trying to be
a better parent to me than he was to any of his other kids. Mostly because he
knows how much I hated my father as a child. He feels like he should have been
there."

"Did you have any close relationships growing up?"

I shook my head. "Not really." I said as I grabbed the last of the ingredients
and we headed for the checkout line. "I had Sage's family, and Mia's mom. There
was Dae'lin and Dorian who sent me off to other instructors who I consider
almost family. Margo my therapist." And then there was the dream guy. The one in
which I had only found to lose but he'd been apart of my life since we were
little. But I didn't remember him. I had a theory on it. The same theory I had
for why I always woke at the same time - the fucking nightmares made everything
else incomprehensible.

"But no one really I called family." Not really.

Alex paid for the groceries. I started to say I could handle my own groceries
but he had cash out and was already paying by the time I realized I should pay
for my own things. We stopped at the liquor store, Alex bought whiskey and vodka
and Bailey's like I was running some sort of bar or something. It wasn't the
cheap kind either. And he bought a bottle of white and red wine. I had to ask as
we headed towards the AU building, "Why do we need all that?"

Alex smirked, "Maybe I plan on getting you drunk and having my way with you."

I bit my bottom lip and grinned through it before I spoke in a low voice, "You
don't need me drunk to have your way with me."

His blue eyes were a fire and I wanted nothing more than to give him whatever he
wanted. But the last time we went there he pressed me on my needs. I wasn't sure
I wanted to go there so soon. Specially after earlier.

Alex shifted his shoulder into mine as we walked, "It's so you have it for when
I come over, so you don't have to go out and buy anything. This way you have
what I like on hand."

"So all for you?" I grinned.

"All for me." He snaked a hand around my waist. "I'll do my best not to make
things worse, alright?"

I nodded. "You didn't do anything wrong - you haven't."

"I did enough. I'm not very good at this." Alex paused searching for a word. "..
this dating thing."

"We dating?" I asked playfully.

"If you want to put a label on it." He said as he opened the door to the lobby
of the AU building and I stepped through the door.

I saluted Atlas as I walked past and we headed for the elevator. But Alex
grabbed my hand, "How many floors is it to your room?"

"Too many to walk with groceries." I said.

"I doubt that. I bet you take the stairs two or three times a day. How many
floors?"

I sighed and relented, "47 flights of stairs."

Alex blinked at me and then he spun me around, "No wonder you have such a hot
ass."

I felt the heat rise to my cheeks and I bit my bottom lip.

"Holy fuck, he blushes." Which only made it worse. "Is that going to be a thing
now?"

I shook my head. "No, you just called attention to it, which makes it worse."

Alex wrapped his arm around me, "We can take the stairs until I get tired, then
I'll have to ask for the elevator."

I shook my head, "We can take the service elevator, I don't freak out quite so
bad there."

"Why's that?" Alex asked.

"Cause I can't see the ground getting farther or closer."

Alex grinned, "To the service elevator then."


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMjE0NTUzNTg0Ml19
-->