#  Lead Number One

Margo was right about one thing I was going to throw myself head long into work.
And I was likely going to break down later. I'd had a rough few days and I could
feel it in the cracks of my mind. There was going to be a hell of a downpour of
everything at some point. But not now.

All of Naomi's possessions were sitting on my bar like they belonged there.
Someone from Dae'lin's office dropped them off. I saw them earlier but I didn't
want to deal with it. But it was work. Her things were all neatly stored in a
plastic storage bag. I took everything out as I searched for her cell phone. On
it was a number of her contact. I only had to find it.

As I was putting her things back in the bag, the cell phone had sunk to the
bottom and everything was neatly laid on the bar, there was a knock at my door.
I waved my hand and the door opened. I didn't turn to look, I new from the smell
it was Dorian. He always smelled like cinnamon and vanilla. I felt the tears
falling and Dorian came in and shut the door. His voice was soft as he wrapped
his arms around me, "Margo told me."

I closed my eyes and sank into the feeling of the man who was the closest thing
I had to a father growing up. He held me and I cried. There was no thoughts, no
self pity, no anxiety just safety in his arms. And he knew it so he held me.

I think we stayed like that for an hour before Dorian shifted uneasily. I
sighed, "You can go. I'm okay. I know you have to get to work. So do I."

"Are you sure?" He asked.

I nodded. "I have to go open a safe, and have to get IT to track the numbers on
the phone so we know who's on there."

"Why don't you go see Sage?" Dorian suggested.

I shook my head. "I can't. If I ask him a favor, he'll want something in return
and I can't. I can't do anything right now Dorian."

He nodded. "Alright. But IT will take forever you know this."

"I know. I'm sure I'll be able to figure something out. I can always call Jack."

"I didn't think you could do favors?" Dorian said.

"The good think about Cari's favors is she likes to save them for when it's
necessary. Or I just feed Ant."

Dorian shook his head. "You should call Anthony and Ryan and spend a few nights
there."

I shook my head. "No, that's exactly what Alex expects I'll do. Go running to my
vampire boyfriend and let him help me through my shit. Because it's all about
me." I took a deep breath and sighed. "I should let it go, but I can't."

Dorian chuckled, "You will Nox. You always do."

"I didn't with my Dad." I confided.

"That's different Nox. There is nothing to forgive, he didn't know. You had to
get over years of built up preconceptions. And Kai is a hard man to love. You've
seen him with his other children, and you know how hard it is sometimes for my
father to love the man."

I laughed a little. I'd known Kai my whole life. He was like an Uncle to Dorian.
And we'd had dinner many times when I was a child. He was the perfect hunter. My
idol and my father. It was hard to get past the latter. But I was doing better,
and so was Kai. we were working on it. Dorian gave me one last hug. "Call me if
you need me, Nox. Any time."

I nodded. "I will Dorian. Thank you again."

"My pleasure son. Go follow your leads." He said as he walked out the door. And
I was alone again.

The world wanted to press in on me but I pushed back. Alex had accused me of not
standing up for myself. He was wrong in that. I choose my battles carefully.
There was only so much strength in me. I picked up the dragon's cell phone and
turned it on, thankful when I saw the logo of her provider flash on. At least it
wasn't dead. I didn't have a charger for that type of phone. I hated when
companies used proprietary plugs.

The wallpaper of Naomi's phone was a picture of her son. He was flying a car
through the air in Central Park. it made me smile. How was I ever going to take
care of a kid, I couldn't even take care of myself. I was such a mess.

I had to fight my own inner demons and push them away so i could focus. I pulled
up her recent calls and scanned through them. I sighed as I recognized one of
them fucking Val. At least I didn't have to go to IT. Valentino Sprague was a
werewolf who sold secrets for a price. He was shady and I disliked dealing with
him. But I knew that if he was dealing with Dragons Dom didn't know about it.
And that was about to change.

I pulled my cell phone out of my pocket and noticed that it was still on do not
disturb from last night. A torrent of emotions flood my mind. All the feelings
from the night before tied up in one small setting on my phone.

I couldn't push it away. I didn't want to. I wanted to feel it all even the
pain. I just wanted to say I'm sorry again. Tell him I'd try harder. I wiped the
tears that fell from my eyes and decided I'd have to call Dom after a shower.
It's not like 20 minutes was going to kill the lead. Val didn't even know I knew
he was selling secrets or himself to the dragons.
Scene Break
 Falling Apart Again

I still didn't like it but it was better. Alex's hands were full with his bags
and I had bags too but that didn't stop Alex from pressing himself against me
while we rode up in the elevator, "Just in case." He said as if he was preparing
for me to freak out.

I leaned against him more than I leaned against the wall, I pressed my face to
his neck and caught a nose full of the things I had been avoiding. "Fuck!" I
whispered out without meaning to but I never moved from his body. He was warm
and comforting and in all reality I didn't care what he smelled like I could
block it out but I liked the way he smelled. Wanted to drown in him and just
him.

Alex whispered, "I can take another shower if you think it'll help." The doors
dinged open and we walked off the elevator to my floor. Alex looked around a
little lost. "How the fuck do you find your way around this place?"

"You get used to it. Just think about my room and the door will glow, and if you
get lost the doors will point the way." I pointed at the glowing runes and the
direction the colors were changing. It was like the dangerous curve lights on
the side of the highways up in the mountains. 'Go this way', they said.

"Still, I don't know how you do it. What about your human friends?"

"Mia and Jace see what they expect to see. The human eyes are trained to see
what they expect. They don't see what they don't believe in."

"You mean magic?"

I shrugged. "I guess, but there are people who are attuned to the occult, and
see the magic of your world."

"Why do I?"

"Because you're a path. Your brain is wired differently and you can see the
truth of thing."

"I'm nothing special."

I smiled at him. "You are special, even if you don't feel that much different
from anyone else. I mean you can hear someone else's thoughts. You don't think
that's special?"

Alex let out a curt laugh, "Looks who's talking?"

I grinned at him. "I'm not special in my world. I'm just like everyone else
except not as good as they are." I shrugged. "I'm special in your world because
I can do unfathomable things, but here, I'm just another grunt doing the work."

"So I'm special you aren't?" He grinned at me - mocking my words. "I can live
with that."

"Me too." I said. The door to our right started blinking furiously. "Touch the
door."

Alex looked at me, and a smirk grew on his face, "Sounds kinda kinky."

I laughed. "Please?"

"Ah, fuck! Don't say it like that." Alex sighed and touched the door and it
swung inward. "What the fuck?"

"It's attuned to you."

"Why? You barely know me I could walk in now, steal your stuff and walk out and
you'd never know."

"I'd know when the things were missing and I'd know who did it. The runes can be
read and understood and keep records of things."

"But there are no cameras?" Alex said looking around.

"It's dna encoded, or magic or something, but it uses something very specific to
you to open for you." Alex pushed the door open and I used a weave of air to
shut it behind us.

"Where's your cat?"

I shrugged. "Dunno, she'll show up around dinner time. The door is attuned to
Fee too. She can come and go as she pleases. She just has to walk by it and
it'll open for her then close behind her."

"Handy. Where do you want me to put this?" He lifted the bag of beverages he
purchased.

I shrugged. "Find a place. I usually keep the wine in the fridge."

Alex grinned, "I could leave it here on the counter so it looked like you were a
lush."

"And then my father might drink it all and you'd not have anything to drink when
you came over." I taunted back.

"Just blame it on your Dad." He grinned. He set the other bag on the bar and
stood near the door. I was afraid he was going to bolt without his pancakes. I'd
said a lot, thought a lot and now he was running away again.

He shook his head, "I'm going to grab a shower, see if I can't make you feel a
little more comfortable." He headed off in the direction of my drawers, "I'm
going to borrow a pair of shorts and a t-shirt." He turned and looked at me
almost as if he were afraid I'd say no it would make things worse.

"Borrow whatever you want." I grinned and watched him open up the top drawer
tentatively.

He was smirking as he made a visible sigh of relief. "You think I have some red
lingerie in there or something?"

Alex guffawed with a grin and grabbed a t-shirt. Then opened up the second to
bottom drawer on the other side and pulled out a pair of shorts. He even did so
from the right spot so I wouldn't freak out later. "Reading my mind are you?"

He smiled. "You are an open book. I'm truly amazed at what just sits on top. I
don't even have to dig for those deep dark secrets." He looked up and his smile
slipped a little, "Making your own porns?"

I shook my head. "No. But…" I sighed, "I'm sure Sage has kept some of the things
he's seen on it."

"What?"

I sighed. "The camera was installed to see if we could catch anything on video
while I went through my nightmares. Sage hacked it the first time he was here
after i installed it. We had an arrangement."

"You let him what, watch you get fucked?" His anger grew on his face.

"I've never brought anyone home until you. You are the first person other than
my friends to walk in this door."

"What about your fucking vampire prince? He's been here."

"I've never had sex with Ant. Not once, not ever. There was a time, a very short
time in which it might have happened, but I didn't go through with it."

"Why not?"

I dropped my eyes again and I heard him growl as he stalked towards me. "Because
I was in love with someone else. It's not Ant's fault his bite is intoxicating.
And it's not my fault the power is like bacon to vampires." I wanted to laugh,
to lighten the mood, but the tension in the room was so high that even the joke
Armande made had me wanting to curl up and forget things - forget the world and
just die. I closed myself off, not from Alex but from myself. He could read me,
I didn't care if he got it all. It was better if he saw how fucked up I was now
and left before I got too attached. "But I never had sex with him. We are close
but it's not romantic, or sexual even if it looks that way on the outside. I
already told you I have a desire, a need to touch and Ant isn't shy and… " I
stopped talking. I was only going to make things worse. So I started putting the
groceries away.

The baking supplies except for the eggs and milk went above the stove and I
reached up and shoved them into the cabinet. And sighed as I turned around. Alex
was still standing by the drawers watching me. "If the camera is a big deal." I
reached out my hand and wove a plate of air and smashed the camera that had been
stuck to my ceiling for the past 5 years. "We never see anything on it anyway."
Just me sleeping and the blood flowing through the sheets. My power wasn't
captured on camera, just the physical representations they made. The tentacles
of elements were raw material not actual things but they felt real. Did real
damage.

The weave of air floated down with the debris on it from the camera and I put it
in the garbage bin . I'd remove the remaining black plate on the ceiling later.
I risked meeting Alex's eyes and frowned, "Are you staying for pancakes?"

He blinked at me and then up at the ceiling. "I think I should go." Alex set the
shirt and shorts on the top of my dresser and looked at me. "I've lost my
appetite and I just keep setting you off."

"No. Don't go." I whined and clamped my mouth shut at the sound of my own voice.
I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Whatever you need to do Alex."

"If I stay I'm only going to make you worse. And I know you have an important
case and I'm just a distraction."

I sighed and turned around. "If you leave I'm just going to curl up in bed and
do nothing anyway." I said as I put away the bacon, eggs and milk. I could call
Ant but that would be exactly what Alex thought I'd do and I was pretty sure he
already hated the vampire. I don't need to give Alex another reason to do so.
Ant was my friend. Nothing more.

I stood there waiting for him to move. To do something. He just watched me. I
felt his touch in my head. He wasn’t digging just listening to the mess in my
head. Everything hurt. I was having a hard time breathing. My thoughts reached
in every direction. I could barely think straight. I couldn't do it anymore. I
sat down on the kitchen floor, my back to the corner cabinets. My arms hung over
my knees and my head hung low. I didn't cry. I just sat there taking deep
breaths and trying to get a hold of myself.

The door opened and closed without so much as a goodbye. I felt the tears fall
then. Why was I so broken?
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTY2NTgyMzkwNl19
-->