#  Lead Number Two

I pulled up the number to call Liam. He was my go to when I needed to speak to
Dom personally. And that was when I remembered I hadn't seen Marshal yet, so
much for seeing Desmond. Not that I really needed to do that. I'd slept through
my alarms. How the fuck had I done that. I sent Marshal's assistant a text

N: Hey Mary, tell Marshall I'm sorry I didn't make it today. I had some personal
problems to deal with.

M: No problem, Nox. Marshall hardly noticed the cute annoying boy who is always
bugging him on Wednesday morning was missing.

N: Glad to be noticed :) I'll make it up to you (him) with a decent breakfast.

M: You know he won't get any.

N: He won't even notice! :)

With that out of the way I called Liam.

"Yo." The werewolf answered.

"Hey Liam, Nox."

"I know who it is." He chuckled on the other end, "To what do I owe this
displeasure?"

I grinned, "I need to talk to Dom. Like him, not you."

Liam sighed, "You don't want my good looks?"

"I'd settle for them, but duckling, I need the big boss man. It's about Val."

Liam groaned, "I see how it is. You want to see Val over me." Liam spit on the
ground. "I'll get on it boss. I'll call you back with the details."

"Thanks man." I hung up and knew that Liam would get it done, he always did. I
could have called Dom myself, but that was a call I only liked to make in an
emergency. And this was hardly an emergency.

I started down the hall to the elevator I didn't feel like taking the stairs. As
I rode down I sent Alex a text. He seemed fond of Drake before maybe it would
interest him. But I don't know, he hadn't responded to my last text. It kinda
felt like it was over, but he went through all that trouble to fix it, for what?
To tell me so he could take it away. It was what he said he wanted to do after
all. I didn't want to think about it. So I just typed the message anyway, until
he told me to fuck off I was going to keep sending them.

N: I just thought I'd let you know that I was heading down to Drake's apartment
to pick up some of his things. You think he'd like anything special?

I didn't expect an answer, anymore than I had received one about lunch tomorrow.
But I'd keep my lunch open for him. Any lunch. I sighed as I looked down as the
ground approached. The panic started to rise but I kept watching as the ground
grew closer. It was only slightly less unnerving going down with the ground
approaching.

But by the time we had reached the ground I was hyperventilating. I managed to
get off the elevator but I sat down at his table and ordered a cup of black
coffee and held the warmth of it in my hand and breath deep of the strong aroma
to calm down. I would fight everything that made me me if that was what Alex
wanted. Fuck I'd give him the world if he asked for it.

As I sipped my coffee someone sat down across from me. I looked up to see Ant,
but it wasn't Ant, it was his father, it took me a second to differentiate
between the two. "Did Ant send you?" I asked.

"He did. He'd have come himself but the sun is high in the sky and your room is
locked down." He gave me a smile. "You don't look good."

"I'm fine." I lied I didn't want to talk about it with Ant's father much less
anyone else. Talking with Margo hadn't helped either.

Tony laughed. It was heartwarming. It was part of his vampiric power to calm
individuals around him. He was a strong empath. "You don't feel fine, Nox. Ant's
worried. He said you were beaming happiness and then all of a sudden it was
broken anxiety and high point depression. I can feel the anxiety wafting off of
you."

I shrugged. "I'm fine, Tony." I stood up and threw my empty cup away. "I have to
go to work."

"I can walk with you." He said. It wasn't a request and who was I to stop a
fucking Prince of the Underworld. But it wasn't like hell, it was another name
for Sanctuary, the home of the Primeval Vampires. A place made with magic inside
of a mountain someplace on the other side of the Earth. The only way to enter is
to shadowwalk. Some Primeval Vampires have never even seen the light of day.

We walked out of the AU building. With Ant I would have flirted some, but Tony
was not his son. And we weren't that close and even if he had a male playmate, I
wasn't about to think Tony would appreciate some fucking kid flirting with him.

And while Tony looked my age he was 900+ years old. He was younger than Cari by
20 plus years. Which in vampire years was nothing. My measly 25 years was
nothing to him. We walked in silence for a while until we boarded a train. "You
walk in the open?"

I nodded.

"No one ever stares?" He asked.

I grinned. "I like the stares."

"So the flames are normal?" Tony asked.

I ran my fingers through my hair and sighed. "No. Normally it's just orange, or
red or blue. Not multi colored. I was messing around with a friend."

"The same friend who has you on a rollercoaster?" He asked.

I nodded. "The very same."

"Do you want to talk about it?"

I shook my head. "Not really. It's just complicated."

Tony looked past me like he was lost in a memory. "I remember when my love life
was complicated. I loved her so much, I grew up loving her. And then everyone
forbade us from even seeing each other."

"But you still saw her." I said.

"We did, which is why it was complicated. I love Sierra. I do, but Cari is
something else. I can't break the bond we forged. You are probably the only
person outside of Cari's small circle who knows the truth."

I laughed. "It's not because I'm friend with your son you know. He only
confirmed what I knew to be a truth."

"He told me. Anthony is very forthcoming with your relationship. His mother has
him singing like a canary."

"I'm not a secret Tony. I just see things differently. I saw the first time I'd
met you two, the bond you shared was so powerful when you stood next to each
other your auras merged."

Tony chuckled, "Nick says much the same thing. I only have one piece of advice
to give you about complicated. Uncomplicate it. When I told Sierra about Cari it
was hard. She kicked me out of the house. She forbade the kids from seeing me.
But China and Henry were grown by then and they could make their own decisions.
Sierra and I are still friends, but the part of our relationship that had been
love had already faded. Uncomplicate it."

I sighed. "I think that's the problem. We uncomplicated it. There are no hidden
truths anymore. But it left a tangled mess, much like all my other
relationships. My father's, my mother's, even fucking Dorian's. It's complicated
with Sage, and Mia and with Ant."

Tony nodded, "Then maybe that's not what needs to be uncomplicated."

"I'm the problem is what you are saying."

He nodded and then shook his head. "I think you are making it too complicated.
You either love him, or you don't. Uncomplicate it Nox."

I sighed, maybe he was right, but how the fuck did I go about uncomplicating
myself. Though I hadn't actually said it was a him, "Am I that transparent?"

Tony was weighing his decision visibly. He laughed. "Honestly, Nox I wouldn't
know a gay man from a straight man these days. I only know what Ant has told me
about you. And if you are having relationship issues, it's only with another
man. You almost as predictable as Cari is."

"I think I'm a little more predictable."

Tony laughed. "Maybe."

The train lurched to our stop and we got off. "I can leave if you are feeling
better."

"It's up to you, Tony. I'm good either way. I'm just going to go unlock a safe,
grab some kid things from the apartment and go back. But I do need to get in
contact with Jack. I need him to tell me what's on the USB stick in the safe."

Tony sighed, "Cari and her chevalier are all in Italy in comunicado. Jack I'm
told is going and I quote fucking insane."

"Well shit."

"You could always call your hacker friend. I don't know why you use Jack when
your best friend is just as good as Chevalier." Tony laughed, "Or you could
call… what's his name… Reaper? He's a rival hacker isn't he? I can never keep up
with all that shit. Computers, hell lights are sometimes more complicated than
things I knew as a kid your age."

I laughed and had to stop and lean against a wall to catch my breath. "That was
almost 900 years ago Tony. Fuck there were no computers or fucking lights!"

Tony grinned, Ant looked exactly like his father and all I saw was my friend as
he said, "My point exactly. You humans advance so fast."

"I'm not human."

"You know what I mean. But back to asking The Wicked Truth for help. I'll see
that the payment is a favor of Cari and you'd owe her."

"That could work." I said. "Can you tell Ant to come see me when night falls and
we'll go see Sage and offerup the favor."

Tony nodded. "I can do that. You going to be okay? Ant will decide never to send
me again if I come back with you in knots still." He grinned, "Though I think
that would benefit me in the long run. Running errands for my son." I knew he
wasn't running errands for Ant, he was probably doing Cari a favor.

He laughed, "You are too intuitive for your own good. Yes, Cari made me come see
you when Ant was restless. You are her favorite pet."

I sighed. "And she's my favorite master." i said with sarcasm.

"I won't tell her you said that." Ant's father said as he stepped into the
shadows of the nearest ally. "Just call if you need anything." He said. "And I
mean the phone. I'll have Anthony text it to you."

"Thanks." I said as he shifted out of sight to god knows where. I was where I
needed to be anyway. So it didn't matter really. I didn't need a babysitter.
Scene Break
 In Control (Alex)

The shower was standing room only, though there was more than enough room for
the both of us had Nox chosen to join me. But in his state of mind, I'm sure the
fact that I was naked in his bathroom didn't even cross his mind. I actually
knew it didn’t, despite being a room apart I never stopped listening to him.

I listened while he was consoled by his cat. A cat? I wasn't sure about that,
but the cat seemed to get him a lot more than I fucking did. But eventually, his
mind became laser-focused again while he worked on the meal he was preparing. He
slipped a few times and he fell down that rabbit hole. I had listened to a lot
of messed up people, and I had a few nightmares about thoughts and people
jumping. Thank fucking god that I didn't listen while they actually did the
deed.

Here in the city, those thoughts were widespread considering the number of
people here. It felt like it was more than elsewhere but it probably wasn't.

Nox had cooled down enough that I turned the water off. I'd been clean for a
while now. I just stood there letting the warm water stream down my body. The
door opened a hair and Nox dropped the neatly rolled clothes to the floor,
"Figured you might want these now." He closed the door behind him. He didn't
even try to steal a look or even openly stare. I should have been offended but
his mind was on trying to stay sane. I guess I couldn't blame him for not taking
advantage of the chance he had. He was also worried about his food. Food that
smelled amazing from the bathroom.

I pulled on his clothes and my boxer briefs. Going commando in someone else's
clothes didn't really appeal to me. I hadn't really thought about how I was
going to get dressed if he hadn't brought me clothes. I could have walked out
naked, or wrapped in a towel. That might have lightened the mood. But Nox was
courteous at the least.

I opened the bathroom door and stood in the doorway watching him cook. He really
was in his element just standing behind the stove watching the pancakes. He was
deft when he flipped the first one and the then second that was on the cast iron
griddle. I always made a mess flipping the pancake over but his remained
perfect. I wanted to ask him how if he never made them before, but his mind went
to things I'd just washed away. "You have to stop Nox."

He looked up at me in confusion. "Stop thinking like that." He dropped his gaze
and the last thought I heard was he was going to make me mad doing it. It wasn't
in vengeance or some sort of payback, it was sad and pathetic and then he was
gone. Completely and utterly gone from my mind. It was like that link was
severed and it hurt. It hurt so much to feel nothing when he was feeling so
much.

I started walking towards the kitchen, "That's not much better." I reached the
coffee pot and asked, "Can I have a cup of coffee?"

He looked at me still dazed and nodded slowly as he spoke. "Make yourself at
home."

"It really hurts you to shield so tightly?" I wished I could take the pain away.
Fuck I needed to hear him so I could get the information Poet wanted.

He shrugged. "Dorian told me it's because I have too many kinds fighting each
other. But even he is only speculating."

"Why do you think it happens?" I asked more to distract myself as I looked
around for coffee mugs.

He didn't answer me, and since I wasn't looking at him I hadn't seen any
non-verbal communication he'd done, "It would be easier if you would just let me
read you."

He shook his head and flipped a pancake into the air. He was so elegant. The
lean tone to his muscles as they did such a simple task. He was gorgeous if
nothing else I was going to enjoy his body if we ever got past all the shit.
"No, that's not a good idea." He said. The defeat was great in his voice.

I opened the cabinet above the coffee pot, "I should have looked above the
coffee pot first." I hadn't been thinking about coffee cups, just helping him.

I made him a cup of black coffee and set it down next to him then fixed my own.
Everything smelled so good but the man doing the cooking was so broken. I set my
cup down next to his and stood behind him, trapping him in front of me. I kissed
the back of his neck where the elegant dragon tattoo was. He shivered as I
spoke, "Nox, let the shield go."

I knew how to manipulate him. I had always known the simplest way to get him to
do what I wanted was to speak in a firm voice. He'd been that way as a child
too, even before we had become involved. If I didn't want to do something I just
had to tell him to do something else. I'd gotten tired of building block towers.
I wanted to do something else. And even in the dreams, he obeyed without
question. But this time when he listened he rushed into my head so fast I
gasped. "Fuck!" His knees buckled and I held him while trying to stay away from
him, "You okay?" I asked.

He nodded, barely moving his head, "I let go of everything and I didn't mean
too."

"Okay," I said as he started plating the food. "Everything smells great."

"Thanks. I need to get the bacon out of the oven."

I took a step back and away from him so he could open the oven door and grab the
bacon. He reached inside without an oven mitt and was grabbing the hot oily pan,
I reached out and yelled his name, "Nox.."

He was relatively unphased but looked a little guilty as he set the pan down. "I
forget that normal people can't suck the heat out of things. I didn't mean to
scare you."

I grabbed his hands and turned them palms up so I could see they weren't burnt
for myself, and I pushed the door closed to the oven with my foot. "Don't do
that again please?" He had about given me a heart attack.

"I'll try to remember."

He pulled his hands from mine and asked me "Can you get three plates?"

I grabbed three plates effortlessly from the cabinet I knew they were in. I
started plating my food on to a plate, I didn't see a fork and I didn't want to
get it, they weren't that hot anyway. I grabbed myself three pancakes, and a few
very hot slices of bacon. And licked my fingers, "Alex?" Nox asked and I heard
the apology in his head.

"Don't say it, Nox."

"But I am."

I went to the fridge and grabbed the ice cream before I answered him, "Me too."
I stepped into his personal space and pressed a soft kiss to his lips. It was
more effort than it should have been to pull away and make my last statement on
the subject, "We'll both try harder." I scooped out some vanilla ice cream and
dropped it on top of my pancakes. I was going to enjoy this meal. I took it
around to go sit down and I heard Nox's thought, he wasn't annoyed I'd only made
my plate, but I explained, "I would have made your's but I don't know what
you'll eat." I said as I sat down.

I heard him make his plate and make his way to the couch where he sat down next
to me. He was comforted by touch so I shifted closer pressing my leg to his. I
lifted my fork of pancakes and ice cream to my lips and let out a small sound. I
could die eating this every day but fuck it was good. His steak had been
excellent but this was better in my opinion.

I noticed Nox wasn't eating but he didn't seem distressed in his head, a little
chaos, but nothing outside the norm, I asked "Not hungry?"

"I'm just enjoying watching you eat."

His response surprised me., "It's not that interesting."

"It is if you are me." Nox grabbed my hand and placed it in his lap where I
could feel his cock hard against my fingers. He continued. "Trust me. It's very
interesting watching your mouth move and listening to all the little sounds you
make."

Fuck, my fingers were limp against him but I was fighting every ounce of my
being to not squeeze him and make him groan and squirm. I wanted to which is why
I pulled my hand away with a smirk. "I think I'm keeping my hands to myself for
a little while longer." Besides my food would get soggy and it would be wasted,
and there was no way I was wasting any of it. "The ice cream will melt and the
pancakes will get soggy," I told him though I was sure he hadn't been offended
by my hand moving away.

Nox held out his hand over my plate, "I can fix that for you."

I had no clue what he was doing but I went in for another bite and there was a
distinct difference between where I sat and my plate. I looked at him and
realized he was using magic, "That's cheating." I said.

He laughed and then the room got colder. Ophelia made a disgruntled sound and
the door opened for her as she left. I stared after her as Nox yelled at her
through the closed door. "I didn't want you here anyway."

"Are you trying to freeze me now?" I asked rubbing my arms. I didn't
particularly like the cold.

"Too cold?"

I could think of a few things to keep warm, "I might need some warming up."

He smirked. "I thought you were interested in your pancakes."

"You were interested in my pancakes."

"I was interested in your mouth and the little sounds you were making."

His comment went straight to my cock. Which spurred my eating. Though I really
would have liked to enjoy the pancakes more. If I played this right though I
could easily have them every day. But I was getting colder, "Can you put the
room back to normal temperature please?" I said. I really didn't like being
cold.

"I'm sorry." He nodded as the room got decidedly warmer.

Even as he smiled at me his thoughts were racing towards my lips, to kissing me.
"You have a one-track mind."

"Sex, sex and more sex?" He joked and I couldn't help but chuckle.

."Are you going to eat?" I asked concerned he wasn't going to partake of his own
cooking, "I'll eat later." He said. I doubted that.

I still felt a chill on my arms and legs, the room was taking longer to warm
back up then it did to cool down. I shifted to the side of the couch and crooked
a finger at Nox, "Come here."

His breath caught and he moved slowly over me. He held himself above me and I
couldn't help but make use of the view, his long body working to not touch mine,
"How long can you stay like that?" I asked. I wondered if he could stay like
that while I made use of the space between us.

He shrugged, "I'm usually on the bottom, I don't know."

"Oh really?" I teased. It was a challenge now. Though after I had cupped his
face and pulled him closer to kiss deeply his body sagged to mine. I broke the
kiss and teased up at him, "Not so strong after all."

He pressed his face to my neck and hid from me. His thoughts were spiraling
again. He tried to speak "I…" But had to stop and take a deep breathe while he
collected himself. "I can hold for as long as you demand it, Alex."

I sat up a little more pulling myself out from underneath him. "Did someone make
you do that?" I didn't like knowing things. I read the things that went through
his mind.

He shrugged. "I did a lot of things for Adrian because he told me to." And those
thoughts of what he'd done with this older man had me rolling.

"Your therapist?" I asked trying not to growl, this wasn't a therapy I'd ever
heard about, more like child abuse.

He nodded still resting against my body distracting me as he spoke, "Sorta. I
told you I was taught to be submissive."

I growled, "Something about power and how men treated you." His so-called
therapist was his Dom. What the fuck, but in those moments he also wanted to
leave, wanted to go back and curl up and beat himself down until he was lower
than low and I wouldn't let him. I held him against me, a grip on his shirt.

Which apparently was the wrong fucking thing to do as Nox's mind started to
panic and he was feeling trapped. I let out a huff of air in frustration and
threw my arms off him angrily, yet he stayed. "I thought you felt trapped." Poet
better appreciate how fucked up this kid was and the things I had to do.

"You aren't pinning me to you. I can stay here. I won't move."

He went into submission again. I couldn't deal with it so I shoved him off me.
"I don't want a fucking submissive."

He sighed. "I don't want a dom." He picked up his plate and scraped it off into
the garbage. What the fuck? That was still good food, I'd have eaten it. This
man was going to drive me up a fucking wall.

"Then what the fuck do you want Nox?" I asked in a growl. I was trying to keep
it together. I was trying not to run away. Running away didn't do any good and
it didn't get me any more information. I could keep Nox broken forever if I
wanted to. I think that was what Poet was counting on.

Nox shrugged. "I don't want a dom. I want someone who understands that's all."

He took up a submissive stance against the counter and I waited for him to drop
his head but he huffed and threw himself to the floor. He didn't want to be
submissive, he didn't want to anger me. "I don't need a dominate. I need a
partner. I need someone who's willing to help carry the burden of what it means
to be me." He started and the rolling in his head churned more but the words I
understood.

"Everyday" I heard his head hit the cabinets, I could get up and look at him but
I didn't need to see him to know he was defeated. He kept going. "Everyday, it's
a fight to control what I am. When I was 5 the very first person who was
supposed to help me forged in me the absolute compulsion to obey."

This sounded very much like the child abuse I had been fearing before. And he
kept going, describing it in more detail, "If I didn't come into the classroom
and put my hands on the wall, spread my legs and submit, once I did, and I
always did, he would lay into me. Except to everyone watching, I stood against
the way like that for hours. He slipped inside my head, made me dream. Beat me
until I sparked."

I wanted to know what he meant by sparked but as he spoke saw images of curtains
catching fire, of his bedroom catching fire of tears and lost friends but he
kept going as he did I didn't have the heart to interrupt his tirade, "I learned
to control every aspect of my being to please him. I still have nightmares every
night of him, hurting me, of the beatings I took at his hands. The fear of
misbehaving, or stepping wrong." He was beaten into submission. I shoved my
hands into my hair and leaned back against the couch. What the fuck?

He sighed, it sounded so desperate and broken. "I need someone who is going to
take some of that burden, to release some of that control, just so I don't
overwhelm myself." His reasons were sound, why was it hard to accept?

"I learned at a very early age that I was weak. I couldn't be what everyone else
was. So I worked harder, controlled more and more. And after the first time I
hooked up with a random guy in a bar, I found a release. I could let them abuse
me, leave myself raw and broken and they wouldn't care. Adrian showed me I
didn't need to be broken and raw and weak even if I gave up power. I could be
whole and still give up control, channel it in a positive way. So if my
submissive nature bothers you, you know where the door is. I can't change it and
honestly, Alex. I don't want to." The realization that he had used the abusive
nature of people to feel better about himself made my skin crawl. He was so much
more. So much pain I could feel inside and most of it was self-inflicted. I
could feel that never-ending font of pain inside him.

I didn't know what to say, much less what to do. He wanted someone to
understand. But understanding meant caring and I wasn't going to care. He'd
betrayed me once I wasn't going to fall prey to his games again. I hated that I
wanted to make it better. But I couldn't run, I had to stay for Poet, had to
play this game a little longer.

I got up and walked into the kitchen and looked down at him as he was close to
tears on the floor. He felt smaller than before with me like this, but I didn't
get down to his level. "I don't know what to say to all that." He shook his head
trying to clean the cobwebs of his mind from me, "I don't understand. I don't
understand any of it."

I knelt down and his eyes followed mine and I kept talking. "I don't know why
someone would hurt a beautiful boy like you. I don't know why you'd let someone
hurt you. You have all this power and you let people run over you like a
semi-truck. All I want to do is take you home, bury you under a pile of blankets
and tell the world to fuck off. They can't have you. Why do you let people do
that to you Nox?" I didn't know what the fuck I was saying, it felt like I was
talking from my heart and I couldn't stop. All of the anger and heartbreak for
what he'd been put through coalesced into one thought and I couldn't deny it, he
was \*\*mine\*\*.

The tirade in his head ran so fast I barely caught any of it, but the gist of it
was I'd never understand I was just human. "Explain it to me Nox." I tried hard
not to growl my frustration at him. For all his progressive thinking he still
thought of me as only human - different from him. He was beginning to piss me
off.

"What do you want me to explain?" He growled at me. "The Venatori are a fucked
up people. They beat kids because it teaches them control. They send us into
camps where they don't care about anything other than our survival. They don't
care if the weaker kids are abused and raped and that they have a hard time
adapting. They force men and women to have children that they don't want with
people who don't love them. They raise their children to see inside this tiny
little box because it's fucking how it's always done."

He broke the eye contact we'd been holding and stood up. There was no space
between us but he hardly noticed as he went on. "This is my life, Alex. I'm
fucked up. How I was raised was fucked up. Everything about this is fucked up."

He said it like I didn't understand. But then he didn't know my life was fucked
up too. My mother used me from a young age to get what she wanted. Me and her
against the world. We could do anything, and she would use anything to get what
she wanted. But he didn't know that. He'd never know that. He continued on, "We
deal with the hand we've been dealt and we do with it what we can. I submit
because I need to. Or I'll go fucking insane. The battles to be fought aren't
ones that need to save me. But there are people out there who can't stand up for
themselves. Who don't get that right. So I'll do it. I'll be the Venatori's
punching bag while I do what I can for Abby, and Liam and for every other
fucking supernatural creature I get to save because I can take anything the
Venatori give to me. And I'll submit to their rules and their beatings and I'll
do what it takes because I can. I'm that strong, but I need help. I need someone
to free me from myself." He walked away from me still kneeling on the floor.
Fuck!

He was on the verge of hitting something and I wondered if there was a breaking
point. And then his thoughts came around again to his dream guy - the one who
never showed up and cemented in him the fact he wasn't worth loving. It hit like
a blow to the gut and I was surprised I didn't gasp from the mental blow. He
might as well have hit me. I hurt him, he hurt me, was it fair play to try to
make this personal when it was just a job? Probably not, but when it came to Nox
Sétanta I didn't think in terms of fair. Besides, Poet wanted this. Poet would
get it and I'd get that fucking favor.

Nox was staring out the window, I wondered if it was a magically created window
or something else entirely - maybe a fucking portal to another world for all I
knew. I collected myself and set myself on the right path. Poet wanted
information I needed to be close. So that was where I went. I got up from the
floor and headed to his bed to sit down. The pain and the tears started again
with his thoughts narrowing on me leaving. He really thought so little of
himself. He was a mess. I called out his name, "Nox." When he looked at me I
beckoned him to come with my finger.

He shook his head and I had no choice to but to say it, "Come here Nox." I
dropped my hand to my thighs, but he didn't move. All I wanted to do was growl
and leave but I stalked to him and stopped inches from his body. "I thought you
listened better than this." As I spoke he shivered at the sound of my voice
caressing his skin.

He was dazed. I grabbed his wrists and pulled them behind him, pulling our
bodies closer together. I could smell his clean yet smoky scent and the soft
skin at his neck was well within kissing and biting range. He relaxed into the
hold. I whispered against his skin, "Show me how well you can listen, Pretty
Boy."

He nodded, his mind quieted and he listened. "Touch me," I commanded remembering
how the club owner of Ooh had done the same exact thing. The chaos and the
confusion here one moment and then gone another. It was almost as hard to read
him now as it was when it was tumbling in that chaos.

"Where?" he gasped quietly, gasping for air to his lungs that wasn't coming.

"Where ever you want." I said as I let go of his hands. It'd be hard to touch
without them. Though I wouldn't be opposed to his mouth all over my body.

Nox dropped his eyes as he touched my cheek with the back of his hand. It was so
gentle and tender, almost like he thought he was going to break me. I reached
under his chin and lifted his eyes. "Look at me." I didn't want a submissive,
and he wanted an equal. He didn't want someone who was only going to play the
game. He wanted understanding and hope. I could give him that in the moments
now. He would understand how it felt when it was ripped away when this was all
over.

He smiled and licked his lips as his fingers trailed down the top side of my
arms. His hands found their way under my shirt and his fingers were cool against
my skin and his eyes closed in ecstasy, but they popped open seconds later. He
would obey even if he felt the desire to do otherwise. I smirked at him, "That's
fine, I don't want you to look down unless you are watching what you do to me."

He gave a slight nod to acknowledge the instruction. There was no yes, sir or
master. And I was grateful for that particular omission, though I didn't think
he wanted those kinda nicknames anymore than I did. "Can I undress you?" He
asked.

"I think that would be a good idea," I remembered a time when he hadn't asked.
In the darkness of the dream, his birthday nearly five years ago, he undressed
me and touched me everywhere. He tugged the shirt over my head and his fingers
fell down caressing my skin.

His fingers followed the outline of the mechanical arm cutout on my shoulder.
He'd never actually seen it, I hadn't had it when he was in the dream, not that
he'd know any way in the darkness. "What's that from?" He asked as his fingers
ran over the underlying scar.

It wasn't a fond memory but I smiled. "Some guy tried to shoot me and missed."
Well not exactly missed since he actually hit me but he'd been trying to kill
me. I played dangerous games sometimes, and sometimes the men and women involved
got mad they got played. It was nothing different from Nox's stories I'm sure.
The scar on his cheek being the most obvious one I knew nothing about.

But he was going to start asking questions so I leaned forward and kissed him.
His breath caught and when I pulled away I whispered against the soft wet lips,
"Don't worry about it, Pretty boy, it was a long time ago and I'm fine."

Nox's fingers trailed down my side and the feather-light touch ticked and I
squirmed underneath. He had found the same spot before and carefully avoided it,
but this time he ran his fingers over it again to elicit the reaction and I
jerked away as he wanted but not out of reach, and the feeling went straight to
my cock. I couldn't hold still, I knew he could though if I asked him to. "I'm
not as practiced as you." I grabbed his hand and pressed it to my stomach, I had
enough teasing.

He ran his fingers over my abs and he groaned at the touch. If he could get off
just touching me fuck, wouldn't that be something to leave him with. I took a
step back and crooked my finger at him and he followed. His mind clear. His
wants and desires clean on his mind. There was peace. And quiet I hadn't really
heard. He'd used other people like this, to calm his nerves, to embrace the
peace and quiet.

I worked on autopilot as my body ached for him, but my mind was falling down its
own hateful path. He was just using me like he had before. He was on top of me
and his fingers were light against my chest. I didn't want to be used, but what
else good was this if I didn't follow through. Pillow talk was always the best
way to get information, even from a man who wore his thoughts on his sleeve. I
whispered, "Kiss me." And Nox leaned forward and pressed his lips to mine.

My fingers found the hem his shirt and I pulled it over his head and while his
hands were above his head trapped by the t-shirt I pressed my lips to his neck.
He groaned as I sucked and bit a small bruise in my favorite spot. Nox gave me
as much room as was possible to do whatever I wanted. I moved up towards his
ear, my tongue and lips leaving a trail and before I could find another tender
spot there was a fucking knock at the door. Nox growled and I felt it against my
lips. If it hadn't been in frustration I'd have let him know how much I had
liked it. But he didn't answer the door. He tried to ignore the fact that
someone was outside.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTIwNDMxMjU0MTJdfQ==
-->