#  Manhattan Wolf Pack

I picked up the phone, "Liam, back to me already."

The werewolf on the other side was not Liam, "Liam's a little busy running an
errand for me. I'll meet you where you usually meet him at." Dom didn't even
wait for me to acknowledge the message before he hung up. Something had him
agitated and I was guess it had to do with my message and why he'd taken Liam's
phone to call me. This wasn't boding well.

But before I got up from my table I typed one sentence that was the ultimate
truth. 'I am in love with Alex Kennedy.'

I closed down the app and headed for Hell's Kitchen.

When I arrived carrying a stuffed toy and a blanket with two bags the men
standing behind Dom's booth seat at the end of the row started laughing. I set
Drake's things down and slide them into the booth before me setting the blanket
and Snoopy on the table near the window. I didn't bother giving his men a glare.
I didn't care what they thought.

Dom looked at the stuffed toy and then back at me. "What kid you saving now?"

I gave him a wry grin. "A dragon and her mate I brought in for bank robbing have
a son. I promised to take care of him."

"Like you take care of Abby and Liam." He nodded and snapped his fingers and his
minions stopped laughing abruptly with muttered apologies.

"I don't think you know about Val, so I wanted to be the one to tell you, he's
been ferrying information between dragons of The Last Phoenix."

"How do you know that?" Dom asked in his burly voice.

"I found Val's number in her phone."

"He could have been hooking up with her." Dom smirked.

"No, she was mated. Dragon's mate for life."

"So do wolves."

"Which is why you aren't married." I grinned at him.

He frowned. "You know nothing."

"I know that the love your life was killed by Venatori. They say it was
collateral damage. They didn't know anyone was left in the building when they
burnt it to the ground."

"You believe them?" Dom asked.

I shook my head. "No. I don't believe they checked at all. I believe that they
thought it was empty while your queen slept. I do believe it was an accident,
but it's not an excuse."

"That's one thing I can always count on with you, Nox Sétanta. The absolute
fucking truth, even if it makes me want to rip your fucking head off." Dom
smiled at me. "But I won't. Not even if you had said you believed them. They are
your people. All you know. All you love."

"Funny thing, there is very little I love about the Ventori or anyone in the
Venatori. I can count the number on my fingers and toes of those whom I care
about. Though the number is growing as my nieces and nephews are born. My life
is out here." I didn't want to say it to Dom, but I'd give up the Venatori life
if Alex asked me to. I don't know what the fuck I'd do. And I know I'd go
fucking crazy, but I'd do it. There was nothing keeping me there.

Dom chuckled. "I know that look."

"I'd rather not talk about it." I returned back to our topic at hand, "I am
sorry the Venatori caused you sorrow. You know I would have done all that I
could have." I sighed. "The Venatori don't know Val is involved yet, and I don't
intend to tell them if he gives me all the people he's been ferrying information
from. My Dragon will take the fall, no need to put one your wolves in harm's
way."

"You couldn't save her?"

I shook my head. "She was caught on camera breathing fire. But I have reason to
believe this was bigger than just a bank robbery gone awry. You know they don't
care why, but I do. She was dead either way. They have another team on it. I was
brought in because I survived Dragon's fire, and I know the City. They are
preparing her trial. I saved her son. It was all I could do for her."

Dom nodded. "Thank you for looking out for even a scumbag like Val. He's missed
the last few hunts. Now we know why. Guilt or too busy to come with us, either
way. And he's not picking up his phone."

"So call him, the other way." I said. "If he doesn't come willingly I will have
to put in an order so I can hunt him down. And if I do that in connection with
the bank robbery they will kill him too. I know you don't like to pull the Alpha
card, but I need him here. And you know I don't hunt without a mission."

One of the minions behind Dom snickered, "Except Il Cane."

I smirked, "Except Il Cane, but that's about the challenge of it all."

Dom took a deep breath and nodded. I felt his power rise, it felt like a cold
chill but so warm and welcoming. The need to obey was strong but he wasn't
calling me. He was calling Val to him. The men behind him bowed the heads as the
power was sent out into the world. Dom frowned, "He's resisting me." He reached
the edge of the table and his hand pressed mine to the table and I felt a surge
of energy through me. Dom's eyes were on mine instantly and he pulled harder and
the men behind him went to a knee. Their hands on a shoulder of the Alpha.

And just like that the power fled and Dominic Olmos was staring at me like I was
something he'd never seen before. "Sheridan has always said you were an Alpha in
your own right. Says that you don't know your potential. Fuck, Nox, what was
that?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. I didn't feel anything else after you touched me, not
even the call of your power."

"You shouldn't feel my power Nox. You're Feras. You should be blind to it. Like
I should be blind to your's."

"But you aren't. But I'm also the first Venatori you've stood next to long
enough not to throw excessive power around with to get a reaction."

Dom smirked. "Touché. Val is on his way. Why don't you have something to eat, on
me."

"I just ate, but I'll take a coffee."

Dom raised his hand and the waitress I didn't know came over and asked, "What
can I do for you honey?"

Dom pointed at me and I smiled at her, "Well, Duckling, I'd like a black
coffee."

Dom added, "He'll also take whatever his usual is here to go."

She looked at him confused which made me laugh, "I don't usually come here now
on this day, Chrissy knows my regular. Don't think she does. Is Jay on?"

She nodded. "You betcha, don't leave this place while it's open."

"Tell Jay Nox wants his regular and he'll take care of it for you." I said.

She frowned, "You don't want to repeat it?"

Dom interrupted, "Darling, he's a regular, you should know it. You know mine and
I come her even less than he does."

She blushed. "That's different."

I laughed, "She likes you Dom. Got a crush on the big bald latino. I can't say
as I blame her."

Dom let out a loud guffaw. "Darling, just go tell Jay and bring us his coffee.
And make it snappy." Dom was bristling with power but she was human. Though she
did what she was told, and scurried off to the kitchen to talk to Jay.

"You know she can't feel the power right?"

Dom laughed, "It was unintentional, I was tired of her annoyances."

I smiled. "Short of temper."

Dom nodded, "It's part of my charm."

"It is." My coffee arrived and the waitress looked at me, "You're savory pastry
will be ready in a few minutes."

I sipped my coffee and we waited. Small talk wasn't much of our thing even when
we were in debrief mode.

I drained my coffee just as Val walked in. I didn't see him but I smelled the
musty smell of wolf which Val was giving off, he was suitably cowed. I wondered
how close to changing he'd come. Weak therians didn't suffer well when they
fought their Alpha's call. I felt Dom's power rage as he saw Val walking towards
us.

Normally I'd have moved over but I didn't have room to with Drake's bags in the
seat. And Dom didn't move over. And Val was on his knee before he spoke, "I'm
here Alpha."

"Only took ten phone calls and a calling for you to come." Dom said.

"I'm sorry." Val pleaded, "It won't happen again.”

“Nox tells me you are working with Dragons?"

Val paled, "No… sir, it's... " Val let out a sigh, "Yes, sir." I could feel
Dom's power prickling at me, I couldn't imagine what it felt like to the pack.
The men behind Dom were standing with their backs straight and it looked like a
challenge just to be doing that.

I put my hand on Dom's across the table which drew his stern gaze to me. I
nodded to the men behind him and he looked at them and there was a slight
coloring of his face but it was gone just as fast as it was there making me
doubt if I'd actually seen it. But the power lessened and Val relaxed as did
Dom's men behind him, one of them even gave an audible sigh of relief which
earned him a glare from Dom.

"I want the names, contact information whatever you have of all The Dragon's
people you've been ferrying messages between." I said to Val.

He looked up defiantly at me. The look was almost one of hatred, I'd ratted on
him, and that was almost as good as killing him in his eyes. I sighed. "Look
Val, either you give me the information freely, or I file a hunt order so I can
get the information from you a little more violently. And since it's in
connection with a violation of the Clandestine Providence, you won't survive the
order."

"You would threaten me in front of my Alpha?" Val sneered.

"It's not a threat, Val. It's the truth, a fact. I already told Dom the deal. He
called you to me to spare your life, not that it's worth it, but I don't want to
see you dead if I can help it. So give me the information."

"I can't. He'll kill me." He said.

"And I won't?" I asked.

Val looked at Dom in fear. Dom shrugged. "You know why Il Cane is afraid of
him?"

Val looked at me and frowned, "Yes. The true death."

Dom chuckled, "It's means Final Death, but that's not why she fears him. That's
what she calls him, because she knows if she were to go rogue she would trust
that he'd do the deed."

Val looked at me and sneered, "He doesn't have it in him."

Dom backed up in his chair with his hands up and looked at me. "Do you what you
have to."

I only smirked. "I don't have to do anything. I'll just make a call, get that
order of execution drawn up and then I'll just give you to the two guys I'm
working with. Give me a second." I pulled my phone out of my pocket and I
started scrolling through my contacts looking for Dae'lin's number. I knew I the
number I didn't need to use the contact. But it was for the show. I found it,
dramatically hit the call button and then put it on speaker.

It only took one ring before Dae'lin answered, "What Nox?"

"Nice to hear from you too Dae'lin. But there is no time for pleasantries, I
have some news about the dragon case I'm working with legal. I think she was in
league with someone and that it was a bigger job than we think it was." It was
all the truth.

Van hung up on her, "Fine. I'll tell you."

I snickered and redialed Dae'lin, "Sorry, it's a bit late for that."

Dae'lin answered, "Nox what the hell!"

"I'm sorry, something interrupted us. I've got to take care of it, I'll see you
when I get back and fill you in."

"You are so annoying."

"I know but you love me." I grinned, "See ya Duckling." I said then hung up as
Dae'lin was calling out my name angrily at the endearment.

"So Val. Names and numbers and I'll omit your involvement, and let Dom deal with
your unsavory dealings with Dragons."

He grabbed a napkin and Dom handed him a pen and his two men took Val to another
table for him to write down all the names.

"You have such a way with words." Dom said then he sipped at his water.

"Just the truth." I said

"You are one scarry mother fucker, Nox. I don't know why your people look down
on you. I swear you are the only thing that keeps peace in the city. Il Cane,
her son, the council members, they all kept a shallow peace until you came."

I shrugged. "I don't think it's me."

Dom laughed, "You wouldn't. But I do. 5 years and you've got me protecting
vampires."

"Chris shouldn't need protecting from his own kind. Most vampire resent what I
did for him."

"Only because they know if they go rogue you'll kill them. New vamps are the
only ones that cause problems here. Same as us. You get that. You give us a
chance, they'll understand eventually. They have long lives and they can get
outta Dodge if they don't like it."

"And the threat of Il Cane will keep them in line."

Dom laughed, "Or the Prince. He's more likely to come after someone for messing
with you."

I grinned. Ant was very much like a body guards and had threatened a few
vampires who thought they could manipulate me with ease. I didn't know why we'd
struck up a bond, but we had. It was a lot more than just a friendship.

Val's chair scraped against the floor as he moved it back. He cowered as he
moved towards us the napkin held out in his hand like he was offering me
tribute. I took it and saw a bunch of numbers written down on it. There were no
addresses. "This is all I have. No names, no addresses. We always meet someplace
different."

"Is the guy who keeps giving you the job listed here?" I asked.

Val shook his head, "No. He always left a dead drop and paper notes that he told
me to burn after I'd done each job."

"Where's the deaddrop?" I asked.

Val held out his hand and in askance and I handed him the napkin. He quickly
jotted down an address. I asked, "How do you know to pick up?"

Val sighed, "I check everyday.".

"Keeping doing that.".

Val called. "But…"

"Keep doing it Val or he'll suspect you. You don't want that do you?" He shook
his head. "I need you to act normal but if you get another job you need to tell
Dom. And he'll tell me." I didn't say or Liam will, which was more likely. Dom
rarely came himself. Today was an exception, mostly because I'd asked for him.

Dom grabbed Val by the ear. "Anything else to tell him?"

Val shook his head, "No Alpha.".

"Good, let's go.". He said as he tugged the cowering wolf by his ear towards the
door. I watched as Dom released his ear and the lesser wolf fell in behind and
Dom's two goons followed them. It was a strange wolf parade.

Now I had more leads to follow.Scene Break
 Breakfast for Dinner

I heard a second door shut but it didn't register beyond the sound in my head.
And then there was another click of the door and I raised my head wiping my eyes
with the back of my hands. The bathroom door shut was the first thing I
registered. And then there was a small head pushing against my hand and I looked
down at Ophelia. She was purring and headbutting me so I picked her up and she
curled up in my arms and I scratched her head and between her shoulder blades.

A few moments later I realized the bathroom shower was running. "Why did he
stay?" I asked Fee, though she just purred in my arms.

I sat her down on the floor and stood up. I'd put all the groceries away that
we'd… he'd bought in my haste to calm down. I got it all back out and started
making pancakes. I focused on nothing more than those actions, but my mind
drifted to the things we'd fought about. I wasn't sure I was going to be able to
manage this. If he got upset about Ant all the time, then I'd have to stop being
friends with Ant and I wasn't sure I could handle it. Handle that much change.

I took a deep breath and focused again on the task of making pancakes. Eggs, and
milk. Flour, baking powder, sugar, vanilla extract. It was all relatively simple
in the right amounts. I laid the bacon out methodically on a pan before sticking
it in the oven to cook. I beat eggs into submission and set them aside for
later.

I made a pot of coffee in the french press. I rarely used it since it was
time-consuming and I'd rather just use the coffee pot. But this helped with the
whole calming down thing. The focus and attention to detail. Every detail
mattered, not because I was trying to impress Alex. I was way beyond that. I
just didn't want to be a mess when he came out. He was showering for me. I don't
know why, but he was here and I would reward that with food. But I wasn't making
it extra special for him, no I did that for me. I needed to be in my happy place
and this was one way to get there. The only thing I was missing was music, but
in my current mood, I would probably fall off the deep end if I listened to
anything.

I listened to the butter sizzle on the hot pan as I dropped the first set of
pancakes on the griddle. It was almost as good as music. The water in the
bathroom turned off and my heart started to pound harder in my chest. The
clothes Alex had picked out were still on top of the dresser. I flipped the
pancakes and then walked to the dresser and picked up the shirt and shorts then
knocked on the door. I didn't wait for an answer as I slipped the clothes
through the barely open door. "Figured you might want these now," I said then
closed the door.

I know I probably upset him but not opening it, or staying or looking or any
number of things, but right now I needed to be back in the kitchen. The small
gesture was overwhelming me and I needed to get back to myself.

I buttered the fresh pancakes and put them on a plate, then set to make another
batch. I probably had three more sets to make and then I could finish off
breakfast with the eggs. The bacon was making my apartment smell great and my
stomach rumbled. Ophelia sat on the counter waiting. I found her cream in the
fridge and poured her a bowl and warmed it quickly with a weave of fire. She
purred gratefully and I went back to paying attention to my pancakes.

I noticed the door to the bathroom open but I didn't look, I didn't want to see
him in my clothes, coming out of my bathroom. I could smell him from there even
over the bacon. I didn't smell others on him, and I tried to focus on only the
bacon I didn't want to make him mad. I…

"You have to stop Nox," Alex said from across the room.

I looked up at him in confusion. "Stop thinking like that." I dropped my gaze
back to my pancakes. I knew it would make him mad but as I did it I walled
myself off. From everything, my sight, my hearing, the smells. I made everything
go away. The sting from the magic bursting at the edges tinged my eyesight. But
I focused on the pancakes.

"That's not much better." He said, this time much closer than before. "Can I
have a cup of coffee?"

I looked at him and blinked. Then slowly nodded. "Make yourself at home," I said
politely though I heard the pain in my voice.

"It really hurts you to shield so tightly?"

I shrugged. "Dorian told me it's because I have too many kinds fighting each
other. But even he is only speculating."

"Why do you think it happens?"

I shrugged again. I didn't have an answer for him.

Alex started opening up the cabinets looking for a coffee cup. "It would be
easier if you would just let me read you."

I shook my head and flipped the pancakes. "No. that's not a good idea."

He opened a few more and shook his head, "I should have looked above the coffee
pot first."

I was pretty sure he was just looking through my cabinets. Alex poured two cups
of coffee and handed me a cup black and made his own - cream and two sugars. I
smiled knowing I'd gotten it right when I'd ordered earlier.

I finished another set of pancakes and started the last bunch. Alex was standing
behind me, his coffee cup sitting next to mine and his hands on the edge of the
stove trapping me there. He pressed his lips to my neck and then whispered.
"Nox, let the shield go."

It wasn't a request. And I let it go without even thinking about it. The
stinging stopped but the flurry of everything hit me full force and my knees
buckled for a moment, Alex's body keeping me from collapse as I caught myself
from falling. I closed my eyes, while reigned in the patterns, and the senses. I
hadn't meant to let everything go, not all at once.

Alex gasped behind me. "Fuck!" He backed up a little, "You okay?"

I nodded slowly, "I let go of everything and I didn't mean too."

"Okay." I took the last of the pancakes off and started the eggs. "Everything
smells great."

"Thanks. I need to get the bacon out of the oven."

Alex took a step back and I opened the oven and grabbed the out pan without a
glove. Alex yelled, "Nox.."

I put the bacon down on the stove top and looked back at him. "I forget that
normal people can't suck the heat out of things. I didn't mean to scare you."

Alex grabbed my hands and kicked the oven closed examining my hands like I'd
burnt them. "Don't do that again please?"

"I'll try to remember."

I pulled my hands from his and turned to finish the eggs. "Can you get three
plates?"

I didn't wait to see if he'd comply but I heard him set the plates down and he
was picking up pancakes and dropping them on a plate with his fingers. I smirked
a little as he did the same for the bacon which was hot and greasy and he
dropped them quickly then licked his fingers. I dropped a pile of eggs on his
plate as he walked to the fridge to get the ice cream. He brushed my back with
his arm as he walked past me. "Alex?"

"Don't say it, Nox."

"But I am," I said, he knew what I was going to say. He knew I was going to
apologize and he didn't want to hear it. I don't know if that was a good thing
or a bad thing.

Alex set the ice cream down next to his plate and then turned me around so my
back was against the countertop. "Me too." He said, then pressed his lips to
mine. "We'll both try harder." He said after he pulled away and was already
taking the ice cream scoop to the vanilla ice cream and dropping it on his
pancakes.

And then he took it all to the coffee table around the bar.

He only made one plate. "I would have made your's but I don't know what you'll
eat." He said as he sat down.

I made my plate with eggs, bacon and a pancake. And sat down next to Alex. But
apparently not close enough for his liking as he moved over and his leg was
pressed against mine. I smiled and we ate in companionable silence - except for
the soft sounds Alex made with each bite.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTgwMDg2MDY3XX0=
-->