#  Happy Reunion

I sat in the cafe for a little while longer before I grabbed Drake's things and
slid out of the bench dropping a fifty on the table for the girl I didn't know.

I tucked the napkin full of information into my pocket as I walked. I tried hard
not think about the last time I made this walk. Though we had made a stop at the
park and as usual it had ended badly. But why on this fucking earth did I keep
wanting to talk to him. To see Alex made me happy, even though we always fought.
Fuck!

I couldn't keep him from my head. The things he'd said, what I hadn't done. All
the shit that piled on top of me. I hadn't cared enough, somehow I had lost
sight of his feelings. And that was killing me more than anything. I knew I was
a fucked up mess. Why would I want to put someone else through it too. I glanced
at my silent phone - maybe I should.

I brooded the whole way. My talk with Margo and then later with Tony only
confirmed one thing, that I needed to make changes if I ever wanted someone to
love me.

The AU building was home. It towered in the sky in stark contrast to the other
buildings. It was home and yet so much less than that too. I took the elevator.
I watched the ground, and all the people walking in the lobby get smaller. I
could feel my heart racing in my chest. But I forced myself. Made myself deal
with it. I'd done it before, but always reverted back to my usual coping
mechanism. I had to find other ways. Show it less, be normal…

I continued going up after I reached HQ, I wanted to drop these things off with
the little Dragon before I went and started the real work of tracking these
numbers down. The elevator opened up to the desk where the same woman who had
been here yesterday sat. Her name was Barbara, Alex had pulled it from her head.
"Good morning, Barbara." I said with a perky voice. I may not feel it, but I was
good at covering up how I really felt. I'd been doing it for years, the class
clown when all I wanted to do was curl up and die.

She looked at me and frowned, "You shouldn't be here, you got me in trouble."

I sighed. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. I just thought it would be a good idea
for Drake to see his mother one last time before her execution."

The woman frowned, "He's doing better since you did that."

I held up his things. "I brought him some of his things, if you'd make sure he
got them. But I'd like to give him some of them personally."

She stood up and took his things and was tagging them before she looked at me.
"He's in class right now. He has more control than some of the others there, so
they felt safe letting him be with other potential fire starters. And teachers
who expect it."

I nodded. "Can I go see them?"

She pointed in the direction of the day car rooms. "Orange Door." she said and
smirked.

"Thank you." I said as headed down the corridor. I hadn't spent any time in the
toddler section. I was five when I came, I went directly into regular classes
once I'd been cleared."

The orange door was on a half walled room. the top half of the wall was covered
with one way glass. And fireproof. Just in case. Everything in the room was
designed to reduce the risk of fire. Three were several rooms like that, which
meant it wasn't the most comforting of places to be and I felt my heart start to
race as I knocked on the door.

A woman came over to the door and poked her head out. "Hi. I'm sorry to
interrupted, but there's a little boy in there, he's new I was hoping I could
take a few moments of you class time to talk to him."

She opened the door wider. "Nox?"

I nodded. "It's me Trica. Beatrice Holland. We had class together."

I nodded as if I remembered her. She added, "I lost a lot of weight. Turns out
sometimes we get a human metabolism and we have to learn to eat like them."

I nodded knowingly at that. I did that, but I was half human, she was full
Venatori. I still didn't remember her. "Come on in." She said and stepped aside
of the orange door and I shuddered. I really hated these rooms. I hated them,
but I forced my feet forward and I headed into the room.

As soon as I stepped inside a little boy was flinging his arms around me. I
looked down to see orange eyes blinking up at me. "Hey little man." I said and
knelt down for a proper hug. "How are you doing?"

"I's good. I get to play with kids." He sounded so happy.

"I'm so glad for you." I held up his blanket and his bright grin told me he was
happier to see that. "I thought you might like some of your things."

He took the blanket and pulled it to his face and buried himself in it. He took
a big whiff of it. I totally got it. Then I held up Snoopy and he grabbed the
stuffed toy and swung him around in a circle dancing happily. I pulled out my
phone and grabbed a picture of Drake dancing around with his Snoopy Dog. I
wanted to send it to Alex later, "Did I do good?" I asked as I tried to push
Alex from my head.

He nodded emphatically. "Good." He wrapped his arms around my neck. "Tanks." He
squeezed tight and the skipped off to the other kids and I saw the little girl
who had turned her hair purple, she was talking with animation to one of the
other boys, but I couldn't see his face for all the moving that the girl did.

I stood up. "See ya Drake." He gave me a wave.

Trica walked me to the door. "We should get together sometime Nox." She said
twirling her hair. Clearly flirting with me.

"Maybe." I said. "Thanks for letting me see him. You know they can all touch all
the elements. I imagine most of them have already sparked, just not with fire. I
already know the girl Cass can control part of it. I watched her copy one of my
tricks."

She turned to look at the group of kids. "They all have potential but none of
them have sparked."

I shrugged. She didn't have to believe me. I knew what I did. I would need to
tell Dorian.
Scene Break
 Heavy Burdens

We ate. Well, Alex ate I watched him. He was thoroughly enjoying the pancakes
and ice cream. I picked at my eggs and bacon. "Not hungry?"

"I'm just enjoying watching you eat."

Alex's eyebrow arched, "It's not that interesting."

"It is if you are me." I reached across and grabbed his free hand and placed it
my lap. I grinned at him. "Trust me. It's very interesting watching your mouth
move and listening to all the little sounds you make."

Alex smirked and pulled his hand back. "I think I'm keeping my hands to myself
for a little while longer." He picked up a forkful of pancakes and deliberately
ate it slowly while I watched. I bit my bottom lip and stifled a groan as he
swallowed. "The ice cream will melt and the pancakes will get soggy."

I held my hand over his pancakes and sucked all the heat from the area with a
simple weave and heated the pancakes so enough that they didn't chill from the
siphoned energy. I smirked at him. "I can fix that for you."

He gave me a curious look and when he went for his next bite he felt the cool
air around his plate and pulled his hand out of the cone and then put it back
inside several times testing the phenomenon. "That's cheating." He said.

I laughed as I expanded the cone to encompass us. Ophelia meowed loudly and went
out the front door. "I didn't want you here anyway," I called after her.

"Are you trying to freeze me now?" Alex asked rubbing his arms.

"Too cold?" I asked.

"I might need some warming up."

I smirked. "I thought you were interested in your pancakes."

"You were interested in my pancakes." He taunted back.

"I was interested in your mouth and the little sounds you were making." I
clarified.

Alex nodded and polished off the last of his pancakes - probably faster than
he'd have liked. "Can you put the room back to normal temperature please?" He
asked with his mouth still partially full of the last bit of pancake.

I dropped the weave and nodded. "I'm sorry."

He smiled at me and I wanted nothing more than to kiss him. His smile turned
into a smirk, "You have a one-track mind."

"Sex, sex and more sex?" I asked.

Alex chuckled and put his fork down on the plate. "Are you going to eat?" I
shook my head.

"I'll eat later."

Alex shifted so his back was to the arm of the chair and waggled a finger at me.
"Come here."

My breath caught in my throat and I obeyed without question. I crawled the
length of the couch and positioned myself above him. Alex stared down the length
of my body and then looked up and met my eyes. "How long can you stay like
that?"

I shrugged, "I'm usually on the bottom, I don't know."

"Oh really?" Alex teased. His hands cupped my face and he pulled me down to kiss
deeply. My body quaked at his touch and I sank down on top of him. He broke the
kiss laughing, "Not so strong after all."

I pressed my face into his neck and groaned, "I…" I took a deep breath. "I can
hold for as long as you demand it, Alex," I said against his neck.

Alex squirmed underneath me so that he was sitting more than lying down now.
"Did someone make you do that?"

I shrugged. "I did a lot of things for Adrian because he told me to."

"Your therapist?"

I didn't move but nodded, "Sorta. I told you I was taught to be submissive."

Alex growled, "Something about power and how men treated you."

I wanted to move but Alex had a death grip on my shirt, pinning me against him.
We were going to talk about this apparently. Talk was good. But in this
instance, I didn't want to feel trapped.

Alex let out a huff of air and flung his arm off of me. But I didn't move. "I
thought you felt trapped." He said.

"You aren't pinning me to you. I can stay here. I won't move."

Alex shoved me off him. "I don't want a fucking submissive."

I sighed. "I don't want a dom," I said picking up my plate and walking it around
to the kitchen where I scraped it off into the garbage, the only thing I'd eaten
was the bacon.

"Then what the fuck do you want Nox?"

I shrugged. "I don't want a dom. I want someone who understands that's all."

I pressed the palms of my hands into the counters. My feet were spread
shoulder-width apart. I'd done so many times before as a child and a teenager.
The complete submission could have come, but I stood straight then dropped to
the floor and to the corner where I'd been when Alex went to the shower. "I
don't need a dominate. I need a partner. I need someone who's willing to help
carry the burden of what it means to be me."

"Everyday" I started and dropped my head against the cabinets and stared up at
the ceiling. "Everyday, it's a fight to control what I am. When I was 5 the very
first person who was supposed to help me forged in me the absolute compulsion to
obey. If I didn't come into the classroom and put my hands on the wall, spread
my legs and submit, once I did, and I always did, he would lay into me. Except
to everyone watching, I stood against the way like that for hours. He slipped
inside my head, made me dream. Beat me until I sparked. I learned to control
every aspect of my being to please him. I still have nightmares every night of
him, hurting me, of the beatings I took at his hands. The fear of misbehaving,
or stepping wrong."

I sighed. "I need someone who is going to take some of that burden, to release
some of that control, just so I don't overwhelm myself. I learned at a very
early age that I was weak. I couldn't be what everyone else was. So I worked
harder, controlled more and more. And after the first time I hooked up with a
random guy in a bar, I found a release. I could let them abuse me, leave myself
raw and broken and they wouldn't care. Adrian showed me I didn't need to be
broken and raw and weak even if I gave up power. I could be whole and still give
up control, channel it in a positive way. So if my submissive nature bothers
you, you know where the door is. I can't change it and honestly, Alex. I don't
want to."

I could hear Alex breathing on the other side of the room. He hadn't moved. But
he hadn't left yet either. I didn't know what he was going to do. I didn't have
the benefit of reading his mind. I didn't have any advantage here. I could warm
the room, make it freezing cold. I could create a firestorm that never burnt a
thing and I wanted to. I wanted to let loose the pain and the frustration. I
wanted to but I didn't. I sat staring at the ceiling.

I heard Alex get up from the couch and I heard his bare feet pad across my
floor. I saw the shadow of his form and then he was towering above me. His blue
eyes were ablaze and he stared at me. "I don't know what to say to all that." He
shook his head, "I don't understand. I don't understand any of it." He knelt
down and I followed him down never breaking eye contact. "I don't know why
someone would hurt a beautiful boy like you. I don't know why you'd let someone
hurt you. You have all this power and you let people run over you like a
semi-truck. All I want to do is take you home, bury you under a pile of blankets
and tell the world to fuck off. They can't have you. Why do you let people do
that to you Nox?"

I felt the tears falling down my cheeks. I couldn't explain it to him. He didn't
understand. He'd never understand. He wasn't Venatori. He was a human in my
world.

"Explain it to me Nox."

"What do you want me to explain," I growled at him. "The Venatori are a fucked
up people. They beat kids because it teaches them control. They send us into
camps where they don't care about anything other than our survival. They don't
care if the weaker kids are abused and raped and that they have a hard time
adapting. They force men and women to have children that they don't want with
people who don't love them. They raise their children to see inside this tiny
little box because it's fucking how it's always done." I broke eye contact and
stood up. "This is my life, Alex. I'm fucked up. How I was raised was fucked up.
Everything about this is fucked up. We deal with the hand we've been dealt and
we do with it what we can. I submit because I need to. Or I'll go fucking
insane. The battles to be fought aren't ones that need to save me. But there are
people out there who can't stand up for themselves. Who don't get that right. So
I'll do it. I'll be the Venatori's punching bag while I do what I can for Abby,
and Liam and for every other fucking supernatural creature I get to save because
I can take anything the Venatori give to me. And I'll submit to their rules and
their beatings and I'll do what it takes because I can. I'm that strong, but I
need help. I need someone free me of myself." I walked away from Alex still
kneeling on the floor.

My heart was racing and I wanted to hit something. I needed to hit something to
do something. I didn't want to fight with Alex. I didn't want to be broken in
front of him. I didn't want to give him any more reason to run or hate me. I'd
shown one person the real me and he never showed up.

I stared out the plate glass window of my room, out into the darkening city. It
looked quiet but I knew it wasn't. I was aware of Alex moving towards the bed
and where his things had been laid. I closed my eyes and fought back the tears
that were going to fall. He was going to leave again.

"Nox" Alex called from my bed. I turned to look at him and there was no smile,
no smirk, a dead serious expression on his face as he curled his finger and
beckoned me.

I shook my head. I wasn't… I didn't… Alex spoke quietly, "Come here, Nox." He
dropped his hands to his thighs and waited for me to move. And when I didn't he
stalked over to me and stopped just in front of me. I could feel his breath on
my skin, his heart was racing. "I thought you listened better than this."

I blinked at him in confusion. He took my wrists in his hands and pressed them
behind me, wrapping his arms around me and stepping against me. His breath on my
neck and I could smell him, just him, only him and I relaxed. "Show me how well
you can listen pretty boy."

My breath caught in my throat and I relaxed even farther into his arms. I
nodded. I couldn't speak. I had no words and it was hard to breathe. "Touch me,"
Alex commanded softly against my skin.

"Where?" I breathed out slowly still trying to catch my breath.

"Where ever you want." He said, straightening his body and letting go of my arms
so I could touch him.

My eyes dropped as I raised my hand to his cheek and ran the back of my hand
down towards his neck. His fingers lifted my chin up. "Look at me."

I smiled and licked my lips as my fingers trailed down his arm. When I reached
his wrist I ran my hand over his back and under his shirt. The press of his warm
skin against my fingers made my eyes close, but I popped them open and he was
smirking, "That's fine, I don't want you to look down unless you are watching
what you do to me."

I gave him a slight nod to acknowledge what he'd said even as my fingers played
with the skin at his waistband. "Can I undress you?" I asked.

He smirked at me, "I think that would be a good idea."

I grabbed the hem of his shirt and tugged it over his head. It was my shirt, but
I was more than happy to let him borrow my clothes. He was wider in the shoulder
so the shirt was snug at there but the rest fit comfortably.

I traced my fingers over the tattoo in his arm and found a scar beneath the ink.
I gave him a questioning look, "What's that from?" I asked.

He smiled. "Some guy tried to shoot me and missed."

My eyes went wide and Alex leaned forward and pressed a kiss to my lips, His
parting breath he said, "Don't worry about it, Pretty boy, it was a long time
ago and I'm fine."

My fingers caressed his side and Alex squirmed a little. I bit my bottom lip and
did it again. I teased the ticklish spot again and Alex groaned, "I'm not as
practiced as you." He grabbed my hand and pressed it to his stomach.

I ran my fingers over his tight abs and groaned. Alex smiled and took a step
back. He waggled a finger at me and I followed dutifully keeping my eyes on his.
His legs bumped the bed and he sat down and slide backward. He smiled at me.
Alex patted the bed on either side of him and I straddled his legs with my own
and my fingers touched his chest. He whispered, "Kiss me."

I leaned forward and kissed him.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTYxOTA1OTQ1M119
-->