#  My Nephew, The Intern

IScene Break
 Time for Work

Alex headed to the basement to see if my shirt over my head before I could geobject our IT department tracking the
numbers that Val had given me. I could probably wait until I went to see Sage
with Ant, but I didn't want to push my luck with him. I loved Sage, but he often
forget that I don't like change so he thought he must stay the same no matter
what around me, when I know he's changed. We weren't kids anymore. I didn't need
constant attention. But it was better to use IT as best as I could otherwise
they got snippy when I used resources outside tell him no he was
sucking on my neck and it felt like he was pulling on hidden cords linked to my
cock. The sensation was bringing me closer and he moved up my neck and all I
wanted was more. But then there was pounding on my door. I growled and tried to
block it, tried to make the door shock them but my mind was slipping away with
the press of Alex's lips against my neck.

But they started pounding on the door. I could hear them on the othe AU building.

It was bad enough I was taking the USB drive to Sage. I'd have preferred Jack,
but I hoped a favor from Cari would be enough of an incentive for Sage to do his
thing.

The basement felt like a dungeon. It was dark and creepy and I felt the darkness
closing in on me. I needed to go sooner rather than later. My current mood state
of mind was gor side, two
people who wanted what. "Open the fuck up Nox." One of them yelled through the
door.

"Go away!" I growled at them.

I heard them talking and then Walker started talking, "Come on, man it'll take
five minutes. Just open the fucking door."

I looked at Alex and he was golaring to flounder without sunlight. I knocked on the IT room door.
It was basically a closeat then door. I reassured, "Just work." I
said but I don't thenink it openworked into more rooms behind it - the servers
and such. Whatever magic the Venatori did for information. It wasn't connected
to the outside world. We were lucky even a small amount of our stuff was
computerized. We were so stuck in the 80s.

I grinned the moment I recognized the boy sitting at the desk. I knew he
interned for IT having a knack for computers and more importantly video games.
Nate was Iris's second youngest son and one of the few nephews who actually
acknowledge that I was their uncle. But most of Iris's children did, Adam's not
so much. But then Adam hardly acknowledge that I was his brother.

Nate looked up with a grin at me. "Hey Uncle Nox. What can I do you for?"

I pulled the napkin out of my pocket. "I need names and/or addresses for the
phone numbers here." I set the napkin on his desk and he frowned at me.

"You couldn't have a better document?"

I laughereassure him. "Let me get rid of them."

I slid off his lap and so wanted to stay there, I could so easily get to his
cock through those thin layers. I turned and pulled my shirt back down over my
head. I heard Alex gasp and cover his mouth with his hand to hide the sound he
made. Fuck! Now I was going to have to explain that too.

Fuck! I opened the door to look through the crack and Ophelia darted inside,
Walker and Simon bullied their way past me much like Ophelia had except they
pushed me out of the way. Walker was pressing his fingers to the mark Alex had
just made, "Oh you got a girl here."

"No. I don't have a girl over." I said, "TWhat's how I got it. Do you need me to fill out some sort of form or
something?"

Nate sighed and shook his head, "No, I'll just have to type it all in anyway so
this will work.  the fuck do you want."

Simon stood staring at Alex who was pulling my shirt on over his head, "I should
go." He picked up his clothes from where he'd left them and pulled his shoes on
without any socks. "I'll see you around."

What's the case number?" Nate groaned, "Nevermind, I'll just ask
Dae'lin. I know you don't know."

I grinned. "You are getting better at this."

"You are supposed to know these things, you are the only person who ignores
protocol."

I shrugged, "You should have a form I can fill out online so I don't have to
even come down fuck did that mean? Alex stopped next to me by the door and pressed a
kiss long and hard to my lips. It left us both breathless, but there was no lust
or desire in it. It had been a show of possession. I was surprised he hadn't
sucked another mark on my neck. I wonder if he knew the one he'd just left was
going to fade within there."

Nate sighed, "I'm trying, seriously, Uncle Nox. I know hour.

Alex sighed and whispered, "Call me tomorrow, we could make this so
much more streamlined. Mom and Dad finally agreed that I can go to cohen you won't get interrupted." I
wasn't sure when that would be and Alex gave me a nod, "Call me anyway."

I nodded. I could coallege after
this to learn that kinda stuff. They said I could usher in a new era."

"Sounds great, Nate. I know a few people who can help you if you need it."

"Why didn't you just get Sage to do this?"

"Because it needs to be official so I can hunt down the numbers 'legally'." I
airquoted legally since we weren't exactly legal in any sense of the word.

Nate laughed. "Alright. I see I'm just second fiddle."

"You learn to do what Sage and Jack can do and I'll come to you first." I said.
And it was him.

Alex walked out of my apartment for the second time and I had the distinct
feeling he wasn't happy this time either. I turned and glared at them and
slammed the door shut, "What the fuck do you want?"

Simon laughed, "Don't growl at us your playmate left. Looks like he wasn't that
into you after all."

"Fuck off, what do you want?"

Walker sighed. "The Ugly Dog Saloon, you said yeah?"

"What now?" I asked slightly confused.

"You said the Last Phoenix hang out at the Ugly Dog Saloon."

I nodded. "Yeah. And you don't know where it is?"

Walker shook his head. "We could ask the truth, I wouldn't have to pay out favors if I could get the work
done in house. Not that I minded the current currency I used out in the real
world.

"Mom says we need to have dinner again. She wants that recipe for the lemon
garlic chicken. She raves about it every time Dad's parents are over for dinner.
How it paired so well with the white wine."

"It's not difficult. I'll write it down and get it to her."

"You okay otherwise, Nox?" Nate sighed, "Mom, worries."

"She does not. She wants to know when I'll have little babies so Dad cArchive but it would take all night
with so little staff on right now. And we figured you could just tell us."

"Like an address in Hell's Kitchen is going to help you out." I sighed. "Let me
get changed and I'll fucking go since you fucking ruined my plans."

"You planned on getting laid tonight?"

I sighed and turned around to Simon, "No, but I had planned on getting to know
the man who just fucking walked out my door - again! Dick wads couldn't wait
until tomorrow." I growled.

I didn't really care if they watched as I chan dote on
someone else."

Nate grinned. "Yeah. Uncle Marius and Uncle Tobias don't seem interested. And
Uncle Nick…" He didn't finish the sentence. Nick was with Henry and they were
happy and there was no procreation going on there despite all the sex I knew
they were having. And apparentged. They ruined my night. I slide
off my shorts and pulled on a pair of jeans and then grabbed my red hoodie and
pulled it over my head. I felt much more myself fully clothed. And out of their
prying eyes, though I would rather have beent ly Nate knew thaing naked next too since he was a bright red.
"Henry's nice, though."

I nodded, "He is." I nodded towards the napkin, "When do you think I might get
some answers?"

Nick shrugged, "End of the day, the earliest. Tomorrow morning looks better. I
have to go up the chain after I call Dae'lin and get all the information entered
and stuff. Someone will have to be assigned and you know how it is."

I nodded, "I'll let you get to it then." I gave my nephew a grin and waved as I
headed out the door. I liked Nate.
Alex but that
wasn't fucking happening.

I grabbed a pair of sock and pulled them on before I ushered them out the door,
"Out, now." I said. I looked around for Fee and found her curling up on her
pillow on the bed, "I'll be home when I can."

There was no nod or even an acknowledgment that I had said something. I stopped
by the door and pulled on my high tops and headed out the door. "We are taking
the stairs," I said.

Simon looked Nate.
 Walker, "Is he always so bossy?"


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE2OTczMTIxOThdfQ==
-->