#  My Big Bad Bosses

I promised Dae'lin I would come by the office when I met with Dom. I had to
explain my earlier call. Thankfully it's Dae'lin and not someone else. So I
could easily tell her the truth and still stay under the radar. I headed up the
stairs, two at a time. By the time I got to the HQ floor I was breathing heavy.
But it was the best I'd felt since last night.

I made my way past the fishbowl and noticed that Naomi was not in there. It was
empty. I wondered where she'd been taken. I felt bad. But there was nothing I
could do. I could only do what I promised. That was all I could ever do. I sat
down in the chair opposite of Dae'lin's desk, she didn't even look up, "What
Nox?" She smiled.

"I figured I'd make that call I said I would in person."

"I see that. I assume you were threatening someone and using me as the threat."
She laughed.

"Yeah, pretty much. We good?" I asked.

"I had a problem with your dragon and Gary. She's down in a holding cell with
her son, thanks to Dorian. That man is as annoying as you are." Dae'lin laughed.

"Where do you think I learned it from?"

"Dorian, did not teach you to be a pain in my ass, boy. You learned that all on
your own."

I smirked. "Maybe, but you still love me." I gave Dae'lin my best grin. "Do you
need me for anything?"

She shook her head. "No, Nate from downstairs called with your request, your
threat worked I take it?"

I nodded, "It did. Hopefully we can keep the wolves out of it."

Dae'lin shook her head. "Gary is still pissed you got a dragon downstairs and a
human to muck up things. He's climbing all sorts of walls and ladders right now
trying to get you suspended. Your application for off campus housing was quickly
approved, the documents and keys are in your studio. You have two weeks to clear
out. Dorian said he can help with the moving, tomorrow is your birthday, so get
your shit and settle in. I can keep Gary off your dragon until you calm down
with the anxiety about the move. But I expect you to solve this before I have to
fight to keep you out in the field. You hate desk duty Nox. And I hate when you
have it. You are a more annoying piece of shit then." Dae'lin didn't look up as
she smiled and kept on working on her computer.

"I'll let you get back to it and I guess I'll go see Dorian about the help
moving while I wait for sunset."

Dae'lin shook her head, "Are you getting the vampires involved too?"

I laughed. "Tony involved himself and got Ant involved. Gonna get Sage involved
too."

Dae'lin covered her ears, "I don't want to hear it." She waved her hands shooing
me out the door. "Get, I don't wanna know."

I laughed harder as I left. Dorian could be anywhere. So I went to his office
first. He had a secretary, well there was a secretary for the whole Academy
offices. She was nice, most of the time. But leaving Dorian a message with her
was never good.

When I reached the Academy she was typing away at her computer. "Mr. Sétanta,
Mr. Vega is not here. He's testing your Dragon in room 3."

"Thanks, Becky."

"Anytime, Mr. Sétanta." It seemed I was off to watch Drake get tested at the age
of three.

