#  Testing My Dragon

The testing rooms were down another wing from where Drake was in daycare/school.
But it was onScene Break
 Runaway Dragon

I ordered a beer and I turned to the svame floor. The rooms look like interrogation rooms, and they
were in a way. We sat at a metal table, in a metal chair that was bolted to the
floor. And there was a one way window looking out across it. The room itself was
windowless other than that. It was meant to be intimidating.

Room three was occupied as expected and Dorian wpire who had helped me get the dragons
to see a better solution. "I didn't catch your name."

"I didn't give it." He smiled, flashing his fangs.

I grinned, "Alright. Thank you for your as sitting across from Drake
explaining how things worked. I sat down next to the observer whom I didn't
know. Which meant he was likely a dragon. Or a representative of the dragons.

He held out his hand, "Charles Moquin. I have been sent to determine the best
placement for the little nether in question."

"He's staying withstance, tell Chris I said hi."

"He missing day shift, he doesn't get to say hi anymore."

"He's manager now. He's doing well."

The vampire nodded, "He is. Is Armande keeping you updated on him."

"For the me, Mr. Moquin." I said flatly.

He looked at me, "You must be Nox Sétanta. That iost part."

"Did he tell you he's ngot the question I'm here to
answer."

"What do you mean?" I asked confused.

"He will stay here as per the signed documents of his mother and father. She
freely admits that she was not coerced and by Dragon law her word is binding.
But all Dragons, and nether dragons must be clanned. We cannot have a free
agent. He is not Venatori, he is dragon and must follow Dragon law."

I nodded as I understood, they were going to brand the little dragon soon. I
sighed. "So how is he doing?"

"Mr. Vega has just started, he's explaining to the young dragon about your
elemental tests. I find it fascinating. I've never seen a Magnus test before.
I'm told you hold the record on each test."

I laughed, "Because I'm Cesari and I can use all the elements at the same time.
Drake can be Cesari, whether or not he sees it yet himself, is another
question."

"How do you know this, Mr. Sétanta."

"It's Nox. I see patterns. I can tell that you are a golden dragon, I can see
your rather small dragon shadow in the patterns, with the bright gold scales.
The elements flow into us and out of us, a Dragon's form their true form in that
pattern. Dorian can see all the elements, he could manipulate them if he dared,
but he won't. Drake's flows similar to Dorian's but they are stronger, tighter
and much more refined. Dorian is Erudite, where as Drake is a Natural."

"Do you not see the little one's dragon?"

I shook my head. "No. But I a serious boyfriend?"

I smirked, "No, but I'll offer you congratulations, Avery for finally getting
Chris to say yes."

The vampire blushed. "So you knew more than you said."

I shook my head. "No, I knew Chris was only interested in one guy. Avery was
persistent when we were talking. But Chris wasn't sure he liked boys."

"He said that he talked to you about it. You said you only live once."

I grinned, "It was a joke. Since technically you got a second chance at life.
You told him that he was your first guy too that's what talked him around."

"Lived for a few hundred years, and this newb of a vampire walks into the kiss
fiending for blood and lacking all possible skills and Armande and Del Figlio
forced me to be his mentor. I didn't want it, but the brat weaseled his way into
my heart as a vampire, and then he was sweet and kind and everything I wanted in
a partner except he was male. Never thought I'd end up in the same bed with
another man when I wassume that's because he's yet to shift. My Dragon
science isn't what it could be."

"Your dragon science?"

I la human, but as a vampire it's different."

I shrughged., "You know, your physiology, your gestation, the rate at which you
mature, all the things that make a dragon different from a human,'ve just had a lot longer than most to accept that some people
love who they love and it doesn't matter sex or Vgenatori."

"You have an interest in learning such things? To better kill us, I assume."

I shook my head with a frown. "I don't kill my marks der."

"I do love him."

"I'm glad," I said. "Chris deserves to be happy."

"He only deserves to be because you saw it fit to spare his lif I don't have to Mr.
Moquin."

"It's Charles." He interrupted.

I nodded. "Charles, " I grinned at the man, "I don't kill if I don't have to.
Hence, Drake being here and his mother too. I want to help the supernatural
creatures. I don't believe we should kill just because, most vampires and
werewolves we bring downe. He killed a
lot of people."

"His sire abandoned him, he didn't know any better. Il Cane was given a second
chance, there is no reason any other vampire shouldn't be given the same thing
when their sires abandon them. Chris is a are just kids, who made mistakes. They can be taught,
and that's what I do with the help of the vasonable young man."

The door behind me jingled and I smelled a thick campfire enforcers and the alphas in
the City."

"In that case, Nox. Most nether's do shift, more on a human scale though instead
of the Dragon equivalent. Most young dragons shift at the age of 20, but by
human standards that is like a 5 year old in size. Drake will probably shift
late in his teen years, puberty is likely to make that change happen."

"So you are going to brand a three year old?" I asked.

Charles shook his head. "Yes and no. Drake is being assessed for his aptitude. I
will take it to the clans and he will be given a choice of admittance. He has
until his shift to decide. Naomi is of the Last Phoenix, he will have that
choice,scent as the woman sat
down next to me. Her accent was heavily southern, "Daryl, you rang?" Her voice
was silk and when I stole a glance out of the corner of my eye, her skin was the
darkest ebony I'd ever seen and her hair was the color of gold - not blond gold,
like strands of metallic metal dripping from her head.

Avery patted my shoulder as he left the bar. "I'll catch you later." I could
hear the word Feras in my head as he left, he had purposefully not said it out
loud.

The bartender looked at me and others may make a bid. Other's may not."

"So you'll fight over him? Or not?" I asked. "What if he didn't choose at all?"

"It is not possible. A clan must be chosen." Charles said. He looked through the
window. "Look." He pointed at the four boxes Drake had on end and together like
a puzzle. They were throwingn back at the two guys who were fixing to pull
weapons. I didn't need to know what was going on. I just stood up and stepped
between then and my dragon friend and I threw up a wall off a disco like colors and Dorian was chuckling.
He turned to look through the glass. "Nox, you seeing this?"

"I am Dorianir so thick it would
stop bullets. "He beat my record didn't he?"

Dorian chuckled, "This is the only one you didn't do, so yes." Dorian nodded
towards the little boy and smiled. "Drake, you did well. Now we have Mr. Moquin
here who wants to evaluate you, if you think you are up to it."

His orange eyes blinked at Dorian. "If mama says it's alright."

Dorian chuckled. "You're mother is the one who called Mr. Moquin."

"Is thcalled you so we could talk." I stood behind her holding the
wall of air up. She turned around as I pulled the hood from my sweatshirt down.

Her reaction was almost instantaneous, but mine was faster. She spewed fire out
of her more than human throat true?" I asked the man sitting next to me.

"She did. Highly unusual for the Last to call us. But she was insistent upon
it."

"May I stay and watch?" I asked.

"Of course. You are to be his guardian. And I trust you won't use your knowledge
against us. It could mean all our deaths.

I grinned, "We wouldn't want that."
but I had a wall of air blocking her path and it
splattered back at her. She danced away then turned and ran out the back door.

"Sorry," I said to Daryl as I started after her.

Daryl called after me. "She has a baby." Fuck!


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNjcyNjIxMTY5XX0=
-->