#  Downright Weird

Charles left me sitting alone in the room while he walked around to the other
side of the window. Dorian made the introductionsScene Break
 City Tracking

I chased her out the back door through the kitchen. I probably knocked over a
few things and still by the time I got out there and looked down the alley she
was gone. Fuck and tshen left the two dragons
alone. They spoke in hushed whispers, with Charles squatting down while Drake
sat in the chair he'd occupied during the Magnus testing.

Dorian joined me in the adjoining room. "How did you know I was here?"

"Dae'lin called me."

"Do you two always conspire against me?"

Dorian chuckled. "It makes life easier had a kid. I couldn't just take her out. I wasn't going
to leave a kid motherless. It had done me so much good.

Simon was at one end of the alley and Walker the other. "Where did she go?"
Walker asked.

I sighed and let my senses go. "I assume she when we both know what the troublesome
boy is doing." Dorian nodded towards the room and Drake was standing on the
floor looking at Charles. It looked like the elder dragon was inspecting Drake
for a physical. I saw and felt magic being used but I couldn't see it. Though I
did try, but there was nothing.

Charles turned and looked at the mirror with a frown. Then back at the boy. He
spoke loudly, "Mr. Vega, has the boy been in contact with any other dragon's
other than his mother?"

"No sir. We kept all dragons from him until you. None of our receptionists or
others have been near him." Dorian spoke clearly through the intercom.

"Mr. Sétanta?"

"Yeah. Can you come here?"

I sighed. What did I fuck up now? I walked into the room and Drake was all
smiles as he looked in my direction. "Yes, sir?"

"Stand next to Mr. Pierce. Like he is, if you don't mind."

Okay. I did as I was instructed. He put his hand on my shoulder and I felt the
hum of magic all around me but I didn't see anything. "Mr. Sétanta."

"It's Nox."

Charles shook his head. But he wouldn't say anything else, "The boy is yours, no
one will dispute the claim."

"Was that going to be an issue?"

The man blinked at me and frowned then shook his head violently. "No, well.
There could have been after his test here. The Last might have claimed him, and
removed him from you, but there is no possibility of that now?"

"What changed?" I asked.

The man shook his head. "I must consult with my master. The Golden Dragon will
send another liaison with answers." He looked to the window. "Mr. Vega, might I
confer with you in private?"

"Of course." I heard Dorian over the speaker. "I must speak with Nox first, he
didn't come all this way for nothing. Nox can you show Mr. Moquin to my office,
while I clean up."

I nodded, "Yes, sir. What of Drake?"

Dorian spoke it up."

"You mean she flew?" Simon asked.

"She's a dragon. Dragon's do that." I pressed my hands to my ears and waited
until the world calmed down a bit. My ears and eyes unused to the complete
sensation of sounds it took a moment to adjust.

Simon looked at me and frowned, "I think he's having a brain aneurysm."

Walker laughed silently and put his finger to his lips. "Shhhh." He mouthed.

Without their talking, I could smell her scent. I'd caught a good whiff of it
when she'd sat down next to me. I walked a few feet one direction then turned
the other and tried to find her direction. I found her scent she had indeed gone
up, but I didn't think it was from flying. I pointed to the fire escape, "She
went up that way."

Simon and Walker both started speaking at the same time. "You follow her up
we'll see if we can get into the building," Walker said after the both had
stopped trying to say the same thing.

"I guess I'll go up."

Walker grinned, "You do like to jump."

I sighed and nodded. I had liked to jump, now not so much, but this wasn't
jumping, this was climbing a rickety fire escape and a fear of heights. Just
fucking great.

I went up the fire escape and followed her scent. It didn't lead to the roof
which I thought odd. It opened straight into a child's bedroom. I climbed in
after her and wondered how Walker and Simon were going to give me back up if
they didn't know which floor. I wasn't overly surprised to find the child's
things, though he slept on a mattress on the dfloorway as if he'd just appeared. "You can take him with
you, I'll have someone tak and there was a stuffed
snoopy lying discarded haphazardly amongst a bunch of toy cars of every shape
and size.

I could smell her everywhere, but also the chim back to class."

"Alright."

"This way Mr. Moquild and her mate - a human. The kid
was a half dragon." I waved out the door and lead us through the halls back
to Dorian's office. I nodded as surprised he was still alive.

For some reason I didn't this secretary who barely looked up as I walked
past her desk with a little dragonnk she'd come this way, nothing smelled recent. But
I didn't have time to turn around before a man was pointing a gun at me with a
baby boy on myhis hip and an elder following me. She
didn't seem phased.

Charles looked at me. Not a baby probably a toddler around three. His skin as
dark as his mothers, with Dorake, the little dragon curled up around me like I
was home. He pressed his head against my neck and I knew he was talking large
deep breaths to comfort himself. We sat down across from Dorian's desk, Charles
looking nervous. "Do dragnge eyes and golden hair just like his mother.
"What do you want?" He asked still pointing the gun at me.

"I just want to talk to her." I said.

"She's not here. She said if one of your Feras came looking for her I should
shoot first, but you don'st have a keen sense of smell? Akin to what a vampire
or therian might? Or are they creatures of touch?" I asked curious as to the
little dragon's actions.

The man next to me shook his head. "Young dragon's are keen with sensory
information, it's how they learn quickly."

"So he's finding comfort in me is a normal thing?"ny weapons."

"I don't have any weapons." I agreed. "I just want to talk."

"No Feras wants to talk. All you do is kill." He took a few steps forward and I
took the same number backwards until I wasked.

He looked at me long and hard. He was thinking, processing something. "Almost
like backed against the opened window.
"Why are you here?"

I shrugged, "You and your were kin."

"What's that mean?" I asked, but I never got an answer as Dorian stepped through
ife robbed a bank."

"You aren't a cop."

I nodded. "I'm not, I'm Venatori. I need to take you in. I'd rather door.

"Sorry to keep you waiting." Dorian held out his arms to Drake and the little
man pressed his lips to my cheek sloppily

His little hands snaked into my pocket and took out my phone. He sat down and
grinned and pressed the camera on. He captured a picture of t it
without incident but I will hurt you if I have to." He set his son down behind
his leg and the toddler scurried off to his toys and stuffed dog that were piled
together oblivious to the things that were going on around him. The man's hand
tightened on the gun and he pointed it again at me. Like he two of us and
pressed another kiss to my cheek. "For you to remember."

I rubbed the top of his head. "I could never forget."

He shook his head. "Picture for our home." He said.

I nodded in understanding. He wanted it for our home. I looked at Charles. "How
long until he can come stay with me permanently?"

The dragon shrugged, "I don't know. I have to consult my master." He wasn't
saying something. I don't know what it was but I knew that he was hiding
something.

"Fine. Dorian, Dae'lin said you could help me move?" I asked turning to Dorian
and handing the littuld have missed
before. It was doubtful. But while he talked I wove air around his arms and his
legs and then I pulled tight and he dropped the gun and fell to his back on the
bedroom floor with an whelp and a grunt. His son started crying. "Look, I'm
sorry. I want to talk to her. But either way you are all going in. We can do
this the easy way or the hard way. Where is she?"

His eyes were wide and I could smell the fear on him, it overrode everything.
His boy ran to him and curled up against him. I knelt down to his level and
smiled. "I won't hurt you. I won't hurt your daddy either. But I need to talk to
your mommy, do you know where she is?"

The toddler boy to my friend.

Dorian hugged the little one and handed him to a womanlinked at me with reptilian eyes and the pointed up. "On the roof?"
I asked.

He smiled and nodded. "Alright, you stay here waiting in the doorway
patiently for us to finish. "Nox will come see you when he can Drake."

"I know." He said as he wh your daddy. I'll be back with
your mommy and we'll all go for a little walk alright?"

He nodded and I gaved his little fingers at us and I waved back.

Dorian went to his desk and pulled out an envelope. "This is yours. Moving
instructions are inside."

"What?" I asked.

"Read im a friendly smile. "My name is Nox. I'll be back." I
pulled the gun towards me and picked it up by the barrel. I had no need of it
but I wasn't going to leave it for the child to use accidentally or on purpose
for that matter.

I crawled back out wthen you get to your room, you'll understand."

"Okay." I said slowly. "I'll leave you with Mr. Moquin. I'll be in touch D."

"I know you will. Enjoy your new place, Nox."

I nodded. "Yeah my new place." I said.
 window and the toddler ran after me. I leaned down and
patted him on the head. "I'll be back. I promise." His nose went up in the air
like he was sniffing the air and he smiled with a nod. I reassured him, "I'll be
back."


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTc0NjY0NzIyOF19
-->