#  Downright Weird

Charles left me sitting alone in the room while he walked around to the other
side of the window. Dorian made the introductions and then left the two dragons
alone. They spoke in hushed whispers, with Charles squatting down while Drake
sat in the chair he'd occupied during the Magnus testing.

Dorian joined me in the adjoining room. "How did you know I was here?"

"Dae'lin called me."

"Do you two always conspire against me?"

Dorian chuckled. "It makes life easier when we both know what the troublesome
boy is doing." Dorian nodded towards the room and Drake was standing on the
floor looking at Charles. It looked like the elder dragon was inspecting Drake
for a physical. I saw and felt magic being used but I couldn't see it. Though I
did try, but there was nothing.

Charles turned and looked at the mirror with a frown. Then back at the boy. He
spoke loudly, "Mr. Vega, has the boy been in contact with any other dragon's
other than his mother?"

"No sir. We kept all dragons from him until you. None of our receptionists or
others have been near him." Dorian spoke clearly through the intercom.

"Mr. Sétanta?"

"Yeah. Can you come here?"

I sighed. What did I fuck up now? I walked into the room and Drake was all
smiles as he looked in my direction. "Yes, sir?"

"Stand next to Mr. Pierce. Like he is, if you don't mind."

Okay. I did as I was instructed. He put his hand on my shoulder and I felt the
hum of magic all around me but I didn't see anything. "Mr. Sétanta."

"It's Nox."

Charles shook his head. But he wouldn't say anything else, "The boy is yours, no
one will dispute the claim."

"Was that going to be an issue?"

The man blinked at me and frowned then shook his head violently. "No, well.
There could have been after his test here. The Last might have claimed him, and
removed him from you, but there is no possibility of that now?"

"What changed?" I asked.

The man shook his head. "I must consult with my master. The Golden Dragon will
send another liaison with answers." He looked to the window. "Mr. Vega, might I
confer with you in private?"

"Of course." I heard Dorian over the speaker. "I must speak with Nox first, he
didn't come all this way for nothing. Nox can you show Mr. Moquin to my office,
while I clean up."

I nodded, "Yes, sir. What of Drake?"

Dorian spoke in the doorway as if he'd just appeared. "You can take him with
you, I'll have someone take him back to class."

"Alright."

"This way Mr. Moquin." I waved out the door and lead us through the halls back
to Dorian's office. I nodded at his secretary who barely looked up as I walked
past her desk with a little dragon on my hip and an elder following me. She
didn't seem phased.

Charles looked at me with Drake, the little dragon curled up around me like I
was home. He pressed his head against my neck and I knew he was talking large
deep breaths to comfort himself. We sat down across from Dorian's desk, Charles
looking nervous. "Do dragon's have a keen sense of smell? Akin to what a vampire
or therian might? Or are they creatures of touch?" I asked curious as to the
little dragon's actions.

The man next to me shook his head. "Young dragon's are keen with sensory
information, it's how they learn quickly."

"So he's finding comfort in me is a normal thing?" I asked.

He looked at me long and hard. He was thinking, processing something. "Almost
like you were kin."

"What's that mean?" I asked, but I never got an answer as Dorian stepped through
the door.

"Sorry to keep you waiting." Dorian held out his arms to Drake and the little
man pressed his lips to my cheek sloppily

His little hands snaked into my pocket and took out my phone. He sat down and
grinned and pressed the camera on. He captured a picture of the two of us and
pressed another kiss to my cheek. "For you to remember."

I rubbed the top of his head. "I could never forget."

He shook his head. "Picture for our home." He said.

I nodded in understanding. He wanted it for our home. I looked at Charles. "How
long until he can come stay with me permanently?"

The dragon shrugged, "I don't know. I have to consult my master." He wasn't
saying something. I don't know what it was but I knew that he was hiding
something.

"Fine. Dorian, Dae'lin said you could help me move?" I asked turning to Dorian
and handing the little boy to my friend.

Dorian hugged the little one and handed him to a woman waiting in the doorway
patiently for us to finish. "Nox will come see you when he can Drake."

"I know." He said as he waved his little fingers at us and I waved back.

Dorian went to his desk and pulled out an envelope. "This is yours. Moving
instructions are inside."

"What?" I asked.

"Read it when you get to your room, you'll understand."

"Okay." I said slowly. "I'll leave you with Mr. Moquin. I'll be in touch D."

"I know you will. Enjoy your new place, Nox."

I nodded. "Yeah my new place." I said.

