#  The Rune on My Door

I ran up the few flights of stairs to my own room. WhichScene Break
 Mums the Word

I climbed up to the roof and tried my fucking best not to look down. I was non't mine anymore.
Dae'lin said everything was in my room and when I opened the door I saw that it
was a lot more than I expected. On the counter there was indeed a packet of
information and keys, and a letter which had me curious more than anything. But
my studio apartment was filled with flat moving boxes.

They were scattered everywhere like someone just tossed them in. Fee was looking
at me with disgust as she went out the door. I called after her, "Be back soon,
I don't want to have to hunt you down." She gave me a meow that said whatever. I
sighed. I was going to have to hunt her down.

I took a deep breath and grabbed the two things
the mood to fight a dragon and have a panic attack at the same time. Climbing up
was easy as long as I didn't look down.

It wasn't a very high building. I only had to climb three more sets of ladders
to get to the the top of the building. The roof was flat and I felt safe again,
even though I was ten stories above the ground. There was just something safe
about having solid ground under my feet. There wasn't much up on the roof. But I
saw a shimmer of light that was the dragon hiding in plain sight. My senses were
still wide and I narrowed in on the counter and went into my
hopefully normal bathroom. There was only so much chaos I could handle. I was
already pushing my limits today with Alex and now this. Fuck, I wish people
would have consulted me before tossing things into my room.

I closed the door behind me and took a deep breath as I slid down the door and
sat on the color tile floor. I didn't really care whar and just stood my ground three feet from the
edge of the roof. "Come on, duckling. I can see you. You know this only goes
down one way if you don't come with me."

And from the sounds of the door bursting open to my left it looked like it was 
going the packet,
probably a lease I needed to sign and file and whatever other things they had.
Probably had a thing on my official pay increase and all that.

I ran my finger under the flap of the envelope and pulled the slip of paper from
the envelope. Definitely not what I was expecting from Dorian. The paper was a
handwritten note io go down only one way. "Look, duckling. You can come in, explain
yourself and maybe they let your human go. Your son will be handed over to the
Dragon council…"

She shimmered and took three steps towards me before Simon Dorian's nea Walker fired a
shot hand.

I know tha it ybou hate lies and secrets, and I know you'll probably need time.
But, it was a secret that had to be kept. Runic magic is particular, this is
something you know. We can neither create, nor change a rune. We've lost the
ability to create them. Part of my job in testing has been to monitor the runes
and who they responded to. It was never a test, but the runes were always
present. You never noticenced off her shoulder. I glared at him. Simon growled, "You
idiot, you didn't even bring dragon killing bullets."

Walker looked embarrassed, "I grabbed the wrong gun."

The Dragon was cowering against the building. She could have left. I stepped
closer to her and tshem. I've never seen a rune react the way the one
I'm about to give you reacts to your proximity.

When you wish to speak to me on the matter I will gladly tell you everything. No
one knows of the stone's reaction, even at a young age I should have known you'd
be a thorn in our side, but I was blinded by my desire to be noticed by those on
high, and thanks to you I was. You're excellence in nearly everything you did,
and the unique way you've seen things and done things was my career boost I had
needed to find what I thought was happiness. But instead of bringing me
happiness through my career you brought me happiness through love - a son I
thought I'd never have, and a man to whom I could share my life with. So thank
you for that Nox.

The rune on your door is an ordinary rune, however when I touched the small rune
to it, they merged. It is why you can control so much of your room. The ru didn't seem to cringe more but the moment Simon and Walker
did she curled in on her self. "Stay back." I said.

"We are going to kill her, aren't we?"

I shook my head, "Not right now. My case, "I said with confidence. I knelt down
in front of her, "You were going tell me something before we were rudely
interrupted."

"They can't have Drake."

"Your son?" I asked.

"He's half human. They'll kill him." She blurted out.

"I won't let that happen." I promised. A child was not going to die because of
what they have no control over. "I'll help him the best I can, but in order to
do that you have to come with me, and tell me what's going on."

She shook her head. "He'll kill me."

"Who will?" I asked.

Walker and Simon shifted from foot to foot as I spoke to the dragon. She shook
her head. "Come with me and I'll do what I can for you and your family."

Walker opened has
more power than you can imagine and I only know the tip of it. I can't
manipulate it but I can invoke your name and it does what I ask of it, the trust
you lay in me it believes in. Touch is mouth, "You can't…" Simon elbowed him as I stared at the pair
of them making this so much worse.

"I can. I will. But you have to come in, and once you do you have to tell us
what's going on."

She growled and I saw her mouthe stone, and call it to you. The rune
should fit in the palm of your hand, it has a blue glow to it and the marking is
not a rune we use and the translation has been lost for countless centuries.
Perhaps one of your long lived friends can help you.

It is with my sincerest love and reart to open and a glow in her throat. "Nah I
don’t think so duckling." I wrapped her up in a bubble of air and sucked the air
out. "I'll let you breath, but know that if you try to throw flames at me again
I won't be so nice."

I opened a few tiny holes in the bubble and she gaspectd for you that I give this to you now. It
can store all of your belongings and moving will be easy. It has always held
your trunk of notebooks.

Love, Dorian

I read the letter a second time. I wasn't sure why Dorian thought I'd be angry
other than the fact that it was a secret he held. Or maybe I would be mad if I
wasn't already so strung out on my emotions that I didn't feel it. Eitbreath. I stood up
and looked at my useless pair of Venatori. "We need to collect the man and the
boy down stairs. How did you get up here?

We all went down stairs, my captured dragon walked on her own steam except with
Walker and Simon's occasional shove in the back to get her to move. But sher way I
wasn't mad at Dorian. I stood up as I tucked the paper back into the envelop. My
apartment was still a mess but I ignored it. I had something else to do.

I stared at my door for several long minutes trying to fathom why a runs
incapacitated.

Simon growled to himself the whole way down. I overheard one, "Can't believe
this dragon is still alive."

She growled back at him, "Ferasss" It was more of a hiss than a growl. I sighed
this was going to be a long walk back to the compound. We wcould
react differently to me. I wasn't the first Minorem. I wasn't the first Cesari.
I wasn't even the first Minorem Magnus, use the veil to
take the train, but it wasn't really worth the price we'd have to pay tho I might have been the first Minorem
Cesari. Magic didn't usual have to be strong for mothers to survive. Definitely
not Cesari.

I took a deep breath and opened the door. The rune glowed as usual and I'd
touched it a thousand times before. But it never did anything different. I put
my hand on the glowing rune and closed my eyesget her
through unscathed.

The man and the boy were still in the boys room. The boy, Drake ran to his mom
and started crying. "Fucking great!" Simon yelled.

"Why don't the two of you take him on the train." I loosened the bonds and he
could stand and cwalled 'it' to me. Whatever
it was.

I didn't feel anything, I didn't see anything move but when I drew my hand a way
a smaller orangish rune glowed back at mek. I set a tripwire and trigger to go off anytime the man
walked three feet away from Walker. "I blinked in shock, but there it was,
Funny thing was, the rune on it I read without a problem even though I'd never
learned it. It read 'rising power'.set an electric current to him, his hands
and feet are bound but he can walk at a normal gait. But if he gets three feet
from you, he'll drop." I said to them all.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTYwMDk5ODEzM119
-->