#  Packing My Things

TScene Break
 What Am I Doing? (Alex)

"Open the rofuck glowed in my hand and I shut my door. How the fuck was this rune
supposed to help me move. Dorian said it held my notebooks. My mup Nox." One of them yelled through the door, but that was from
Nox's thoughts, that I knew that. I couldn't read anything on the other side of
the door. Fucking Venator must thing
I would understand how to use it but I didn't.

I looked around again and all the boxes were scattered everywhere, what the fuck
was I going to do? Moving was going to be stressful enough without all this
fucking mess. I set the rune on Fee's chair and sighed, "How am I going to move
all this crap?"

There was a faint pop in the air and then the sound of a rock hitting the
laminate flooring. I looked down and the chair was gone, and the runi!

"Go away!" He growled at them.

The second one yelled through the door, "Come on, man it'll take five minutes.
Just open the fucking door."

Nox turned his gaze on me while I glared at the door, he was trying to be
reassuring, "Just work." Like I was jealous or something. "Let me get rid of
them," he added. Maybe I was. But I sure as fuck wasn't going to tell him that.

Nox slide off my lap and I caught his roaming thought, of all the things we
could be doing right now. All the things my body ached to be doing. He turned
around and grabbed his shirt from the floor magically and pulled it over his
head with his back to me. My eyes went wide and I couldn't hide the wgas
glowing innocently under the other bar stool. I knelt down and picked it up.
"Bar stool?" I asked and pop the chair was sitting next to the other one, almost
on top of it but not in the same place.

It was likep that
escaped from my mouth when the only thing I could see on his back was a mass of
scars. He said it had all been in is head. That they had beat him. My anger at
the Venatori was raw again. They'd never done anything to me, but they had to
him. He was so fucking broken because of them.

I barely noticed the men barge in behind Ophelia. I cfoulnd create it. It just magically appeared. I touched the rune to
the bar stool and thought 'hide', 'take', 'move'my shirt and tugged it
on. I barely heard their conversation. I didn't care. I doidn't know which one it was
but it hadn't mattered, it popped out of existence.

It made sense. The rune stones created the apartment. They made it bigger, or
smaller depending on parameters created.y I was
here, what I was doing I had to go. "I should go." I said out loud as I pulled
my shoes on and grabbed my clothes. "I'll see you around." I said as i stopped
next to Nox by the door. His mind was racing again. These two idiots had ruined
his calm and It was in itself a TARDIS. I pulled my
lips in and hummed. I could pack everything up and move it without having to
cleaving. I knew it wasn't helping any but I pressed a kiss to
his lips. I stole a glance at them to make sure they'd been watching before I
whispered to Nox, "Call me tomorrow, when you won't get interrupted." I caught
severall the movers. Everythoughts in his head, the first was disturbing that my own pace, my own packing no jostling just me
and mine. No anxiety.

Except there was a ton of anxiety coursing through my brain. I wished I had Alex
here. He was comforting and distracting all at the same time. But I had walked
out on him. We needed space. I shot him a text.

N: New Place got approved. I'm moving out. I'll text you the address soon as I
learn it. (I haven't looked yet.)

I snapped a picture of moving boxes piled all over my room and attached it to
the message and pressed send.

As I was pulling the photo up I saw the one Drake took. I sent another text,
this time with two pictures attached - the selfie Drake took and the picture of
him dancing with his stuffed Snomark on his neck
would be gone in an hour. How had he not healed his back that way? And the
second was he didn't know when he'd have uninterrupted time to call. I added to
answer his unspoken comment, "Call me anyway."

I left quickly and behind me I heard Nox yelling at them in cold quiet voice. I
don't think I wanted to hear that voice directed at me. But if he was going
hunting this was an opportune time to follow him, except I didn't have the right
phone on me and I was carrying a bundle of clothes. My apartment wasn't too far
away. Neither was the posh one - it would be my first stop.

I made it home and grabbed a change of my own clothes and my phone that had
Nox's phone already tapped in for tracking. He was on the train. I started
walking that direction and hoped he stopped soon enough I could actually catch
up but it was a nice night for a walk. It let me think. Not that I wanted to, so
I pulled my earbuds out of coat pocket and chose my favorite Lana del Rey album
and walked. I didn't need to follow him but I wanted to see if he really did
what he said or if he was a killer like the rest of the Feras.

I walked and waited until he appeared to stopy. It made mewas smtile, hopefully it'll make Alex
smile too.

N: Drakl a bit of a walk but
I should make it if he stays hi. He has his own Snoopy Dance.

So I had to work. I glanced at my watch and saw it was a few houred still long enough. But I picked up my pace.

Five minutes later I was standing outside a hole in the wall bar called the Ugly
Dog Saloon. The goons who interrupted us had mentioned it. His phone was still dusk and
Ant's arrival. Then we'd hit Sage. I figured I'd better send him a heads up too.

N: I'll be stopping by after Dusk with Ant, we have a favor to ask.

Sage responded almost immediately.

S: Bring me food!

N: If I must!

S: You must. And coffee.

N: Fine. See you soon.

And then I set about folding boxes so I could pack up my things.
inside. I didn't want to stand here and wait all night but here I was looking
for a place in the shadows deep enough he couldn't see me.

A woman darted out of the back of the bar and scaled the wall and was climbing
the fire escape. One of the goons ran past me and the other I saw coming down
the alley and Nox came out the back.

"Where did she go?" One of them asked. I hated not hearing their thoughts.

I felt Nox go somewhere, he let a shield down and he was everywhere and nowhere
at the same time. His body felt a fire I had to pull away as he spoke a few
short words, "I assume she went up."

"You mean she flew?" The othought of
moving was making my heart race. I needed to calm down. But I focused on folding
the boxes. At least it was a simple task. I wanted to call Alex - I told him I
would. But he hadn't responded to any of my texts. I didn't want to interrupt
him. But last time…

I grabbed my phone from the counter and hit Alex's contact and called him. It
rang, and rang, then went to voicemail - I could hear the smirk on Alex's face
as he recited his message, "You know what to do."

Then there waer one asked.

"She's a dragon. Dragon's do that." Nox pressed his hands to his ears and the
world seemed to calm down a little for him. His body wasn't quite so on fire.

The other two were inconsequential as I listened to his mind. I wasn't sure if I
should be scared or in awe of what I could decipher. The thoughts weren't
thoughts, more, it was hard to describe "She went up that way." He pointed.

Nox's thoughts were racing and I knew he wasn't thrilled about climbing to the
top. And I had my own problem. I couldn't exactly follow up wherever he was
going. I was going to have to stay in the shadows. It was one thing to have a
conversation with a man who always said what was on his mind. I had never found
another person who didn't speak in lies or omissions. To rely on Nox's thoughts
to see a conversation unfold was dubious at beep. I stalled before I spoke. "Hey Alex, I said I'd call. So
there it is. Call me. Still planning lunch for tomorrow. I'll cook. Sest, but I trusted that Nox would
say what he thought and not do other things.

He entered a window and he was looking around. A man and a boy came you." I
hope I said as I hung up the phone.

The missed call didn't help mt of
nowhere startling him. His mind flipping through things I couldn't even
understand. Calculating angles and patterns any as I set to actually packing things in
my kitchen. The booze Alex had bought were the first to go. I packed them
carefully with some packing foam that I made from thin air. I probably didn't
need to since they were going to be magically encased in a rock, but fuck if I
knew how much space was in there. This was all very new - very interesting and I
focused on that. Focused on the magic, on the task of packing my apartment.
d god knows what else. His mind
was a mass of confusion, I wasn't even sure how he functioned on a day to day
basis if this was how it was for him everyday.

I could barely follow the conversation with all the other noise in his mind. I
saw the thought that wrapped the man up in air and sent the gun flying from his
hands. It was quick and short lived and then it was quiet again, calm as he
spoke to the boy. He loved kids. It made me smile.

Shortly thereafter Nox was climbing up the fire escape again. His mind carefully
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNDk5OTYzMTEzXX0=
-->