#  Dusk Arrived

I managed to pack up all of the kitchen things into the brown boxes that were
left by Dae'lin's people. I had them all in my rune stone, along with all the
decor I wanted to keep for myself. My living space was all but empty. My closet
was empty. I didn't even pack up the things in the drawer, I just placed the
rune stone on top of it and everything was neatly packeScene Break
 focused on what he was going to find at the top. He didn't think about climbing his fear of heights. Yet it didn't stop him. Watching the scene unfold in his
head away - no fuss.

I was working on packing the bathroom when I hs much like having to reard Ant calling my name, "Hey
Nox, you here?"

"In the bathroom." Ithe captions in a movie with only shouted and soon my vampire friend was poking his head
inside.

"You got approved?" Ant smiled, "I didn't even know you'd decided."

"Yesterday, while Alex was here."

"You okay?" He asked. "Dad, said things were complicated."

I nodded, "Yeah I need to list out all the things wrong with me. Maybe I can
work on them. Maybe Alex will add to it." I shrugged.

"You are serious about this aren't you?" Ant asked as he leaned against the door
frame.

"I love him, I never got over him."

"What?" Ant asked.

I grinned at my friend, "You remember the guy from my dreams?"

"You are shitting me?" Ant said as he stepped inside and took the towel from my
hands. "He's your dream guy? Like literally the guy who stood you up?"

I nodded. "And ynd and no
picture.

Where there could have been a fight, Nox talked her down. And then through all
of his thoughts I felt that fear. Fear of death, of dying, of burning alive.
Images of the last dragon that threw flames at him leapt to his head and I could
watch in almost vivid detail the pain and horror of having fire eating at your
body and the pain so bad you pass outou forgave him?" Ant asked.

"It was a misunderstanding. Jace was an asshole."

Ant sighed. "Figures. Dude can't get over you."

I shrugged. "But we do nothing but fight. He hasn't answered my texts and he
didn't pick up when I called. He wanted more, but we kept fighting. I don't know
what's going on. I'm hoping he'll have lunch tomorrow. Maybe at the new place so
I can show him arrom it. But there was no pain, no fire as
Nox's thoughts were about saving himself from that fiery death with his gift.
The dragon's thoughts weren't readable but from Nox's I saw her gasping for air
and Nox's words tumbling form his mouth. He didn't want to hurt her but he
wounlound."

Ant laughed. "Fuck I

A shot waent to see this place. Coff and I even get inside it? I didn't
get blocked, you take the ward down?"

I shook my head. "No." I held up the rune stone that glowed softly in my hand.
"I think this waspanicked pulled my mind from his and I heard the
conversation above on the light wind.

The big bloacking vampire entrances, and without it attached to the
ward system it can't do the job. Not that it matters, you can come in anytime."

"That's good to know man growled at the other one, "You idiot, you didn't even bring
dragon killing bullets."

"I grabbed the wrong gun." HeI smirked, but you did keep the barrier up. "I didn't
have much control over it, or so I thought."

The bathroom box was full except for the towel Ant was holding. I took it from
his hands and packed it away and then sent it to wherever the stone was keeping
my things.

Ant nodded, "Nice piece of magic. Mom would love to see it in action I think."

"I'm hoping she'll know more about it than I do. Whenever I get a chance to get
out that way again."

"Alright then," Ant nodded, "So we go to see Sage about a favor, and then we
move you into your new place. I'll stay if you can't get Alex so you don't have
a full blown panic attack without someone to beat the shit out of you for a
bit."

"I need to make Sage some food, I can do that at his place, while we ask that
favor."

"Oh you get to feed me too. Well at the response. Or fate had said nope, no
killing today.

I reached out again to find Nox's mind. He was still an open book. I could find
him in the mass of emptiness on the roof but there were people below him, their
quieter minds were much simpler to understand and yet I was sucked back to his
to finish this rollercoaster of a ride.

Nox diffused the shit! I'm in." Ant laughed. "What more you need
to do?"

I looked around the bathroom. "This room is done. Justuation. They didn't kill the dragon, and the bedoy and the night
stands I guess."

We walked out into the living space and I put the rune stone on the lamp first
and it popped away. The nightstands were next and then finally the bed.

Under the bed was a little gross. I was thankful I was leaving. I guess I didn't
clean under there often enough. Two of my boxes sat still on the floor. I sighed
as I touched my toy box anman
were going with them. It didn't make sense to take the boy, but from Nox's
thoughts he couldn't leave the child either. And that's when the biggest
disappointment of his thoughts hit me, he would ud sent it to the nether regions where the rest of the
stuff was. I stared at the box on the floor. Alex had seen it. I should return
it. I'd have to do it later, for now I touched the rune stone too it and it
popped away. I looked around at my completely empty apartment.

I summoned the cold storage food from the stone and pulled out some groceries to
take to Sage's. I the child as leverage even
as he carried and cuddled the boy, he was thinking of how he could use it to his
advantage. I growled under my breath. There were still very Venatoir thoughts in
Pretty Boy's hehad enough for four people. I was hungry and I knew everyone
else would eat too. I grabbed the rest of the items on the counter and tucked
them away in . After they were well out of listening range I stalked back to
my laptop bag. It wasn't much but it was all I was taking to my
best friend's house. It was kinda weird I had all my belongings in the bag, and
it was hardly even heavy.
artment. I couldn't believe he'd use a kid.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTIwNjg1OTExNzksLTE1ODE3NDU1NDddfQ
==
-->