#  A Pep Talk

Ant was shaking hisScene Break
 Poet's Designs (Alex)

I crashed when I got home. It head as we walked out of the AU building. "Are we going to
walk the whole way?" He asked.

I shrugged. "You want me to lose what little I've eaten today?"

Ant grinned and shrugged at me. "I do lovebeen a walk and a half to get back to my own
apartment. My dreams were plagued with images of the pretty boy using kids to
get what he wanted. I started awake several times before I sought the serenity
of the beach landscape so i could at least relax in peace.

I woke with the sound of you retching."

I rolled my eyes. "After we get down stairs." I said. I just wanted some time
before I actually did have to lose my lunch. And walking down the stairs was
calming enough. And I didn't have to worry whether or not the vampire beside me
was in shape or not. Though he could be hungry.

Ant interrupted my thought, "I'm not though. Hungry that is. I feed before I
came."

"Didn't expect I' streaming in through my window and was surprised it was
nearly 10 am when my body finally woke me. I had expected an early morning call
from Nox - being the fucking early bird that he was. But there were no missed
calls or texts on my phone. I hadn't heard from Janice or Jared either and I
expected to hear something about Lindsay at the very least already. I hunted for
my phone but it wasn't anywhere I typically left it. I must have left it at the
other apartment. They were going to think I was ignoring them on purpose -
served them right though.

But I really did fneed you?" I asked curious.

"I didn't want to make a big deal of it, if you were still playing to what your
boy said." Ant smiled, "I don'to check up on Lindsay.

I didn't get a chance as a text appeared on my phone with time and place that
meant Poet wanted to be the reason that shit ends for you."

I shook my head, "It has nothing to do with you Ant."

He grinnmeet. Which also meant I wasn't going to be able to do much
of anything I wanted.

Poet wanted ato me, "I am devilishly handsome, have that foreign accent." He
sighed, "Sadly I don't have those blue eyes you like to fall for. And you
lack..." Ant pantomimed big boobs bouncing as we walked down the stairs which
made me laugh.

"I think I'm missing a few other body parts too."

"Somedays I wonder." Ant quipped.

"Fuck you." I said as Ant wrapped his arm around my shoulder.

"You know I love you."

I pulled away from my friend in mock disgust. "You only wish."

Ant grinned at me. "You are tense, you det in yet another random cafe across town. This one ritzier
than the last. My coffee with 2 sugars and cream was sitting in a large ceramic
cup on a platter next to a brownie. Poet didn't even look up as I sat down. "I
didn't know what you'd like so I got that. Feel free to take it to one of your
marks if you don't like it."

I sipped at my coffee and nodded as I broke a piece of the brownie off. Not my
favorite, but it would do. It was rich and decadent and went well with my dark
roasted coffee. "What did you need so realrly need to get that all out before
it makes you insane."

"I have things to do." I said.

"I know. But let me help, Nox." Ant sounded almost like he was begging.

"I know you want to beat the shit out of me but I don't really think I have the
time, Ant."
in the morning, Poet?"

"Tell me about the boy? I hear rumors he's hunting a dragon in the Last
Phoenix."

"I don't know about the latter, but a dragon yes. He caught her last night."

Poet shook his head. "What else did you learn about this dragon he caught?"

I shrugged. "She was robbing banks."

"TShere is always time for taking care of yourself, Nox." And not Ant was angry
with me.

"Apparently taking care of myself is selfish." I growled back at him.

Ant stopped suddenly and I stood staring up a friend of an ally, do you know if she's dead?"

I shook my head. "She wasn't when I last saw him. I don't thim from tnk he planding. "Who said
that to you?" Ant was one thing, and that was protective. "No, I know who did.
What happened Nox?"

I shook my head. "I don't know. We had a great night, even though it was us
fighting before that. Woke up naked in his bed, I knew I neened on
killing her."

Poet sighed. "Thank you, Alex. Anything else on him?"

"Nothing you can use. Well other than that he's a royal mess. Though he told me
he's looking for a partner. Not someone to work with, someone to live with - his
one." I smirked at the ideda to do yoga and
shower and get him breakfast. Mahat I'd thought he was my one at one pointa in some sort of semblance of my life or I'd
regret it. But he nudged me back to sleep and then he lefmy
life. How wrong was I?

"He's got a soft spot for kids too." I added. "Though he's willing to use
whatever he needs to get what mhe wand I had a
nightmare. It was after 4am and the eyes were blue." I hung my head and started
walking down stairs as I recounted the fight we had. How we tried to have
breakfast and I left him sitting at the dinner because he refused to talk about
himself after accusing me of not caring. That pissed me off more than anything.

Ant touched my arm and squeezed. "That, right there. We need to focus on."

"On me being pissed at him?"

Ant shook his head. "No, but on that anger. Nox. He was right about one thing,
you need to stand up for yourself but not to him, or me or even the fucking
world. To yourself. My Dad told you to fix what's wrong, right? There's nothing
wrong with you. We just need the backbone that everyone else sees, you need to
believts." I thought about what had happened with
the boy and wondered what happened to him now that his parents were both
prisoners of the Venatori.

Poet chuckled, "He's making you question things isn't he?"

I shrugged. "He's a hypocrite."

Poet laughed and I knew it was at my expense, fuck him. I stood up to leave but
Poet put his hand on my elbow and I sat back down. "What do you need me to do?"

Poet smiled that devious smile I knew I was going to hate whatever he asked of
me. "I need you to get closer, help me understand what exactly I can use to
control him. He's getting in my way, and if I can't control him. I will have to
eliminate him otherwise." Poet smirked, "Unless you are up to that task?"

"I can control him just fine, you want someone else to do it, fine wit."

We weh me."

Poet's smile grew walking out of the AU building and no one was even looking at us. "You
stand up to the world."
ider, "It's not so much as I want someone else. I want you to
do it. But I know your other deal is wrapping up and I can let you go…"

I sighed., "Ant, I didn't want to be strong and mighty with Alex.But you'd rather I do it for you because I can keep feeding you
information while I wmanted to be
able to be myself. And I'm broken, beaten and unloved. You know that's me."

And wrapped his arm around my shoulders and pulled me close as we headed down
the alleyway. "I love you, you know this. You don't need to fix you, you just
need him to know you. I've never known anyone with a big a heart as you. He'll
see it, but Nox, I gotta tell ya, you are a lot of work. Give him a chance to
learn that."

ipulate him to doing what you want."

"Exactly."

"You know he's royally messed up in the head right? Fucking anxiety and panic
attacks."

Poet chuckled, "No. But you seem to handle him well. Or am I wrong?"

"How close do you need him to be?"

"I need him eating out of your hands. Ready to do what you ask at the drop of a
hat. Are you up for that task Alex? If not I smighed. "It might be too late. But he hasn't told me to fuck off yet, so I
guess that's a plus."

Ant chuckled as he stepped into the shadows and the next thing I knew I was
hunching over dry heaving in the shadows of Sage's house with Ant presst get Reaper to see what he can
do now that he's got unfettered access to their mainframe. He's a rigid
electronic schedule yes?"

Fuck that. He wasn't giving my job to fucking Reaper. "I got it Poet. No need to
get nasty."

He gave me a quick smile and stood up with his newspaper ing his
hand into my shoulder so I wouldn't tip over.

"Fuck you." I spit out. My stomach was empty - it hadn't had anything in it for
a while from the feel of things.

Ant laughed. "Come on, your friend is waiting."
and. "As always a
pleasure doing business Alex."

I growled, "Like wise." only to be polite. But Poet was pushing me deeper into
the fucking depths of my memories but that favor was worth it.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTg2NTIwOTkwM119
-->