#  The Favor

I groScene Break
 Anger aned as I stood up. I wasn't looking forward to asking Sage for a favor.
Jack could do it, but he was incommunicado at the moment and Tony's bright idea
to ask Sage would only backfire. But that was why Ant was here. To offer up a
favor from Cari in return. I didn't have to play whatever games we had in the
past. But all I could see was it backfiring. Sage being all okay then Dee
talking him into using the favor to get me in their bed - something I hadn't
done ever.

Dee thought there was this thing between Sage and I. The whole he can touch me
being some clue to how Sage really feels. When all it was was our friendsLies (Alex)

Nox still hadn't called. Not even a text. I knew he was still at the AU
building, still in his room which was atypical. Every other time he'd gone to
work. Elevation was tricky but I had a good tracking program and it depended a
little on the phone. But fuck, he wasn't moving. I wondered if he'd go for his
run. It was almost time. I had meant to stop at the posh apartment and grab my
other phone, but Poet's meeting had interrupted my plans.

Janice and crew were just going to have to wait I guessed. Poet was a big score,
they were measly little nothings in comparison.

I ordered another coffee, not that I needed one, but it was habit. Funny how
much I relied on that cup of joe in the afternoons now. I would know when I
didn't come see him off for his run in about an hour if I didn't.

While I was here to pick up his schedule, he knew mine as well. He approached
me, but he wasn't wearing running clothes, I glanced at the day on my phone and
realized he was actually off to see someone, it was never the same someone. But
it was a regular meeting, every Tuesday at 3pm. I smirked at hipm and
us dealing with our perspecs he drew
close. "You have time for a run, but you don't have tivmhip and
us dealing with our perspective problems together on a level no one else
understood.

But I sighed and knocked on Sage's front door. I'd deal, but I wasn't sleeping
with any of them. I only wanted one person. And he was worth the whole
deprivation of a sex life if he'd have me. And I was more than willing to be all
his all the time. I could feel the depression seeping in again - all we did was
fight.

I heard footsteps on the other side of the door and plastered on a fake smile.
Sage would see through it but Dee didn't know me well enough and I knew she was
answering the door.

A short brunette stood in front of me with a wide grin on her face. "So what did
you make?"

I held up the bag of groceries I'd brought with me and her grin faded. "I have
to wait. I'm hungry." She patted her belly and I grinned at the slight bulge.

"Holy fuck, why didn't you call me."

"Language." I heard Sage call out behind his wife. "We've a bun in the oven."

"I see that why didn't you tell me?"

Sage shrugged then wrapped his arms around me in a hug. "Never came up."

"More like we never see you." Dee said as she dragged me through the door. She
looked past me at Ant who was standing in the doorway, when I looked back he had
a shit eating grin on his face.

"Get the fuck in here, don't play oh you must invite me!"

Dee looked at me then back at Ant, then back to me. "He's fucking with me?"

I nodded. "Yeah. That's a myth."

Ant laughed, "Well not a myth exactly. A cursed vampire is bound by most of the
rules you think. Though they can see their reflection in mirrors, and garlic is
not really a thing. They can't cross running water so we don't have a whole lot
of cursed vampires here in New York."

Dee looked at him with astonishment. "I'm still wrapping my head around vampires
and werewolves are real. Why haven't you guys told Jace, he's like clueless?"

"He'll stay that way. He's married to a human, he's human."

"Mia's mom works with you guys though I mean, shouldn't he know?"

Ant laughed, "Mia only knows because she fell in with these too numbnuts and
they can't keep secrets."

I grinned. "It's kinda hard to explain the random fires and the floating objects
without magic."

Sage added, "And the whole blowing up lights when I get pissed off."

Both Sage and I laughed heartily at the memory of that happening one night at a
club. It was a bad day for both of us and we got angry, and Sage's anger blew
out the sound system and the lights. Thankfully no one knew it was him and we
could escape the damages just like everyone else. Fluke electrical surge. Or
something like that.

Dee rolled her eyes, "I hate when they do that. How do you stand it?" She looked
at Ant.

He shrugged. But I knew he had seen the thoughts sifting through my head and
wasn't really left in the cold like Dee. Unlike most people Dee was a blank
slate. She had neither pattern nor aura. I didn't understand it. And I had never
asked about her past. It wasn't my place.

Ant looked over at Sage. "Before Nox cooks, let's get the business out of the
way. Sage. Nox has a job he needs a techie to look at. Chevalier is
incommunicado in Italy with my mother, and you are the next best thing. Il Cane
offers you a single favor for assisting Nox. And Nox will cook you dinner,
probably every meal that you have while working on it."

Sage and Dee both beamed. "How long can we string this out?"

I groaned. "Come on. You know I'll cook for you anytime. I need this done asap."

Ant laughed, "He has a new place. He's not seen it yet. We are moving him after
we get this done. I'm sure he'll invite everyone over once he gets settled."

Sage sighed, "That'll take months!" But he nodded, "I'll do Nox this solid for
Il Cane. It'll be good to have that kind of favor." Dee looked slightly
disappointed but Sage was looking at me, "So what do you need?"

"We can do that after food. I'm hungry. And little Mrs.Morgan here probably
shouldn't be kept waiting either."

I rubbed to top of Dee's head and she purred at me.
to call me?"

Nox let out a rude laugh, he didn't sound happy, his thoughts were chaotic as
usual as he dropped a phone on the table in front of me. "Kinda hard when I have
your phone."

I picked up the phone and saw it was my phone, the fucking phone I was looking
for. There were several missed calls and waiting text messages, I muttered to
myself "Fuck!" Janice and Jared and Lindsay were going to be pissed.

"Who's Brent?" Nox asked pulling me from my thoughts.

I looked up at him confused but I didn't have a chance to say anything before he
started speaking again. "Never mind. It doesn't matter. You lied about not
having your phone so why tell me who Brent is. See you around." Nox said flatly
and turned his back to me and started walking away. He was thinking about lies
and being done with me.

I growled, "Fuck!" as I pushed the chair back and tried not to sound pathetic,
"Fuck Nox, let me explain."

"Explain why you didn't call when you were late, or why you told me you forgot
your phone, or explain who Brent is?" Nox growled but didn't stop walking. He
added as an afterthought, "I have a meeting to go to."

Jesus fucking Christ, I had to fix this. "Look can't we talk." This had to
happen just as Poet wanted me to step up my game.

"You have until I get where I'm going." He said as he kept walking.

I didn't want to talk to him like this. I knew he was feeling late, knew that he
wanted to get where he was going but I grabbed his arm and pulled him to the
side. I didn't want to do this here but he wasn't giving me much choice. "I
didn't remember I had this phone on me. I thought I left it at my apartment,
with my phone. This is just a business phone."

"Do all your business clients call you honey?" He asked the accusation in his
voice stung.

"You read my texts?" I couldn't believe he read my texts. What a prick!

"I read two, that were sitting on the front screen when I picked it up. The
first one read, 'Call me honey', the second one said, 'I got home safe, Brent,
thanks for' dot dot dot. I set the phone in my bowl where I keep those type
things and I listened to it chirp and ring every hour."

Fuck, he read my texts. What the hell. I didn't get a chance to respond before
he pulled out of my grasp and started walking again. "I have a meeting to go
to." Fuck.

I caught up to him and tried to explain without going into details. "Look Nox,
Janice is a friend. But she's annoying so I didn't give her my personal phone
number. I left that phone at home. I swear."

"So why didn't you call from that phone." He was hurt by that. I'd left him
hanging. I got that. I wouldn't do it again but for crying the fuck out loud,
why did this have to happen now.. Fuck!

"That phone doesn't have your number in it and I don't have it fucking
memorized. Shit I have have hard enough time remembering my own goddamn number
and I'm supposed to remember yours?" I groaned as I spoke, "And look before you
ask again. I have a lot of alias. I do questionable work for people and I don't
use my real name for obvious reasons." He was hating the lies but that's all I
could give him. He'd never see me again if I told him the truth any of it and
Poet and this job were too important to fuck it up because of a Pretty Boy's
emotional hang ups.

"You mean you do illegal work for people and you don't want to taint your
precious name. So which is it? Alex or Brent, which one means so much to you?"

"Like what you do is legal." I spat back at him.

"I never said it was, but I'm not hiding behind another name either."

He was beginning to piss me off,"No you just hide behind the fucking Venatori
lawyers. And their paid officials."

Nox stopped and turned on me with his finger pointed at me. "I have never
committed a crime that I didn't own up to."

"So last night, you went into someone's apartment legally."

"You followed me?" He said taking a step back. That had pissed him off.

"I wanted to see if you were really who you said you were. Your goon friends
were going to go kill a dragon. I wanted to see if you were all talk just to
make me feel comfortable." It was the first full truth I'd told him all
afternoon.

"You think I'm lying to you?" His voice was white hot with anger and I responded
in kind.

"You're fucking Feras."

Nox turned around and shouted back at me as he walked away, "Fuck you Alex." He
was pissed, his mind was rolling in so many directions, but I couldn't leave it
this way, not now. And I couldn't help feeling a little guilty for making him
feel this bad. So I followed him, not close behind him.

He never turned around, but his thoughts gave away that he knew I hadn't let him
storm off. Which made him happy and angry at the same time. I got a lingering
thought that Dan had never done that, he'd let him storm off and that had been
the end of their relationship. This Dan was an idiot, you didn't need to be a
mind reader to know Nox needed to talk it through even if he was fuming.

But there was that happy thought. I could work with that.

I pressed a thought into his mind, he was so pliable it was like he was thinking
it himself, no resistance, just a simple thought, *You are cute when you are
angry*

I wished I could see his reaction but I got the gist of it from the thought in
his head. So I snapped a picture of him, well of his ass and sent it to him.

A: Your ass looks great in those jeans

And that was a truth. But then I knew he would look good in anything or nothing.
I sent him an image of him in a tailored suit with me drooling over him. It was
a bit dramatic but I heard the laugh in his head. I sent a second image of him
wearing nothing but a speedo.

He thought back at me for the first time since we started this conversation,
*I'd never wear that.* He corrected the image in his head and I sighed as I sent
a response *We need to talk about that.*

Nox stopped in front of me and I almost walked into him. He wasn't smiling at me
but he wasn't brooding anymore either. "We'll talk, but I have to go to this
meeting. You want another cup of coffee? They’re buying."

I nodded, "Sure." He grabbed my hand and I followed close behind him. And I sent
him a stray thought, *Have I told you how hot you look today?*

Nox looked at me with that smile - \*\*my\*\* smile as he lead me to an empty
booth, his guy wasn't here yet. He slid in first and he tugged me down in beside
him. The waitress came and smiled at Nox with bright eyes. I let go of his hand
and dropped my arm over the back of the seat and hung my hand on his opposite
shoulder. Mine, god, dammit!


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTg3ODcxODc5LC0xMjAyMTA3MjA0XX0=
-->