#  Family and Friends

It was pretty much like my last birthday actually. Except this time we were at
my apartment and everyone was a lot more casual. Dorian and Marco were curled up
together on my couch with Aiden and Drake playing on the video game system I now
apparently owned. They were dueling cookie monsters or something. I had no idea.

Ryan was chatting with Sage. I didn't see Dee anywhere. Naya was watching the
boys play video games. My brothers were flirtScene Break
 Chocolate Cake

"I don't make any noises. That was Liam's way of saying with Mia and she was hamming it
up as usual.

My Dad and Margo were chatting at the dining room table. Nate and Nick were
chatting while Henry was in the kitchen. Ant whisper was my favorite." I
said.

Alex just nodded,. "You have a lot of love
already Nox."

I nodded. And I agreed. But none of this was home. Dorian came the closest. I
missed my apartment. Fee was meowing at the door. "I know sweety, I don't know
if the stone will work. You'll have to deal with me being your butler."

She tossed her tail in the air as she walked down the hall. She was going to
have a difficult time living in human areas, but maybe it would all work out.

One good thing about today, I hadn't had to cook. Ant was off chatting with
someone else asEat."

I did as I was told. All the other pieces except mine had frosting on it. Mine
was just a fresh moist cake. I shoved my fork through the corner and then I 
 I stepped into the kitchen for my twentieth coffee of the day. I
yawned again as I poured myself a cup. It hadn't been sitting long, the pot was
still full.

Henry grinned at me, "You've seen better days."

I nodded. "The whole moving thing is a bit much."

"Nick said you'd be a mess. I don't think I believed him. I've never seen you
quite so … disheveled."

I laughed. "I just got out of the shower."

Henry smiled. "Yeah, I can see that, but that wasn't what I meant. You're
wearing a t-shirt, shorts, no socks and shoes."

"You mean you've never seen me relax before?"

Henry nodded. "Yeah. I guess we've never actually spent time in your comfort
zone before."

"This isn't exactly my comfort zone right now."

"That's why we are here, making it home."

"House warming parties are meant to do that. Notice all the new little things
you have. The Xbox for one? Butuck it in my mouth while Alex watched. I closed my eyes and groaned.

Alex laughed. "I see the entertainment value in watching you eat."

I rolled my eyes, "At least I'm not drooling." I ate another piece and Alex
watched.

"So chocolate is your favorite?"

"Chocolate is the only sweet I indulge even a little in." I clarified.

"So if I wanted to butter you up, bring you a Hershey's bar would make your 
 your dad brought that plant by the door. He said
Margo picked it out specifically because it had anxiety reducing plants in it. I
think he said there was a snake plant, dracaena and a areca palm. Not that he
knew what any of it was. I think your little brothers, who oh my god, look
exactly the same, I can't tell them apart."

I grinned at him and pointed out Laker, and then Rider. "How the hell do you
know?"

I laughed, "It's a talent I have." I didn't want to explain the patterns to
Henry. He had a hard enough time living in our world without me trying to
explain the things I see.

Henry continuy."

"No. I'm not big into candy. Ice-cream is my go to. I eat chocolate cake around
my birthday. You'd do better bringing me a milkshake from Bonnie's. But if you
are trying to butter me up, a cup of fresh hot coffee is going to win more
points."

Alex nodded,. "But they bought you a grill that is out on your balcony. They
said it was the only thing you didn't have yet. Seems Dorian had already
furnished your place."

Henry pointed to the box on the counter. "Nick said he didn't have any clue what
to get you, so I went to the grocery store and bought things you'd use. A
replenishing of your stocks so to speak for all the times you cook for everyone.
I picked up a few bottles of wine and I think there is a sixer of Irish Red in
your fridge now."

"You are a god." I pressed a kiss to his cheek and then headed to the fridge for
a beer. I didn't drink to get drunk, but fuck I needed to relax.

Nick walked in and pressed a kiss to his boyfriends lips and I was jealous. Not
because he was kissing Henry but becauseWhat about chocolate coffee?"

"That usually is filled with sugar and I don't like the empty carbs. But as long
as it's more coffee than sweet you'd be pretty good I think."

Alex grinned. "I know this really great joint that roasts the cocoa and coffee
beans together and fresh ground. I didon't have my own beau with me.
Fuck, Alex, where the hell are you?

Nick shook his head, "Man bro, you got it bad."

"Yeah. I'll get over it." I grinned and left the love birds to their flirting
and made the rounds.

I thanked everyone for coming. We chatted about this that and everything else.
And after an hour of mingling I was burnt. I found myself outside on the balcony
alone. Well not exactly alone, I had Naya curled up in my lap, she'd fallen
asleep ten minutes into our relaxing sit down. The balcony door was cracked open
and I could hear the party breaking up. I guess my leaving it kinda singled
everyone it was time to go.

Drake pushed open the sliding glass door and climbed into my lap only slightly
disturbing the sleeping princess in my arms. "Mr. Dorian is taking me back. He
says next time I can stay. But tonight no."

I nodded. "That's probably for the best, I'm a mess."

Drake giggled. "You fine." He pressed a kiss to my cheek. "Bye. I get to see
Mommy tomorrow morning." He sounded happy. But it made me sad.

"That's good, I want to hear about it okay?"

He nodded emphatically and slithered off my lap with a many fingered wiggly wave
and closed the door behind him. The noise from inside was muffled now with the
door closed, but I keven have to give you any sugar, but
it'll be mighty bitter without it."

"I trust your judgement."

"Do you now?" He said.

I nodded and pulled my lips in and looked at my empty plate before, "Yes. Look…"

Alex lifted my chin and made me look up at him. "Let's go for that walk."

I pulled my wallet out and dropped a fifty on the table.

"Holy fuck!" Alex said. "Why do you do that?"

"What else do I have to spend the monewynew only Ant, Sage and Mia were left, now that Dorian and
the boys had left.

Rider and Laker must already be in their room. I wondered if they'd separated or
taken the bunks as Dorian intended. I guess I'd find out later.

It was dark and quiet out on the balcony and I . It's an expense for doing my job.
Paying off informants." I said.

"But he paid for the coffee."

"He always alone with my thoughts. The
door slid open behind me and I smelled a burning candle. Mia presented me with a
single piece of chocolate cake with a single candle blowing in the wind. "Make a
wish."

My wpays for the coffee. It's an expense for him, and he uses Dom's card
anyway."

"So thish was simple. I wish Alex were here. I blew the candle out, but knew no
matter how much I wished it wasn't going to happen. Alex hadn't called all day.
Not that I expected itnothing more than a business transaction."

I shrugged. "Yeah. MLia handed Sage my cake and pulled her sleeping daughter
out of my lap and into the living room to lie her down on the couch while the
three of us sat outside. Sage took up a seat on the floor leaning against the
railing. Leaving Mia to the other seat.

Ant spoke from the open doorway. "Everyone's gone, you two need a ride home?"

Sage shook his head, "Nah, I'm gonna stay the night. You could check on my
wife."

Ant looked to Mia, "I'm staying too. Jace is out with the guys, I already left
him a message."

Ant nodded and put his hands on my shoulders. "I guess I don't need to stay." He
squeezed my shoulders then he stepped outside sliding the door mostly closed and
then found a shadow and was gone.

"So strange when he does that." Mia said.

"Why are you two staying?" i asked. "You have lives to get back to."

Sage shook his head, "Nox, this is hard on you. We know that. We can't leave you
here alone."

"I won't be alone. Fee is here, so are Rider and Laker."

Mia laughed, "Like your brothers know what to do when you are having a panic
attack at 4 in the morning because there is a cobweb in the corner of your
bathroom."

"Fuck you! I'm not that bad."

Mia giggled. "Yes, Nox you are."

"I don't get bent out of shape for a cobweb."

Sage laughed, "No, just a dirty plate in the sink, or a stray cup on the
counter. We cleaned up to the best of our ability. But it's new for us here too.
And if it's new for us, it's gotta be fucking freaking you out."

I sighed. "Anyway, thanks. For everything," I said. "I should go for a run."

Sage nodded, "We'll finish cleaning up and we'll be here when you get back. If
you go see Alex, and stay there, call us so we can go home. Alright?"

I nodded, "How does everyone know his name?"

"Your brothers wouldn't shut up about him. Ant filled us in a little too."

"Well fuck!" I said.

"Nothing bad." Mia said. "Just that he's the one who broke you into tiny little
pieces before and he's doing it again."

"Yeah that's not bad." I said as I pushed open the glass door. "I'll have to
thank him later for that."

I didm's not my friend. Dom's not my friend, we exchange
favors. He pays for the drinks because Dom tells him to. Just like I cook for
Ant and crew and don't expect anything in return. Just a bunch of incremental
favors and exchanges."

"You don't make a cent off of any of this do you?"

"The Venatori pay me and I use that money to pay for the information I need.
What am I going to do with the excess money? It's not a lot. But I don't need
it."

"Take a fucking vacation Nox."

I grinned. "I don't need to save up for it. I can tell Dae'lin I want to go to
Paris and she'll find me an assignment there and I get a free vacation."

"But you'd have to work."

"I can't wasit around for them to scrabble after me and apologize or explain. I
was in my room with the door closed changing when I thought maybe I should go
see if Alex was around. Give him back his things. I could take him some
chocolate cake too, god knows there was enough left over.
on a beach and do nothing. I just can't." I smiled and pushed him
out the seat. "I thought we were going for a walk."


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTA5Mzk1NjIzNSwtMTg2NjE3NDU2N119
-->