#  Joe, The Doorman

Sage and Mia were cleaning my apartment, not that it was a disaster when I
walked out in shorts and a t-shirt carrying the box I'd found in Colorado. I was
hesitant to give it back to Alex. I didn't want him to think I didn't want it,
or him. I needed to explain. I don't know why I took it, or why I was giving it
back. Maybe it was just an excuse to see him.

I grabbed a disposable plate and a slice of chocolate cake and wrapped it up
then headed down the stairs to Alex's apartment. I walked. I was dressed for a
run but I walked. I didn't want to mess up the cake - at least that was my
excuse.

Alex's building came into view and I stalled outside a coffee shop. Why was I
nervous? But I was, my hands were shaking and my heart was pounding in my chest.
I thought about turning around several times before I went inside the coffee
shop and ordered two coffees. I sat down with my little bundles and sipped at
one. The other sat staring at me while I waited to calm down. I should just go
home. Alex would call me if he wanted to see me.

But he got mad the last time I didn't call. Fuck! Why was he so confusing?

I sucked it up finished my coffee and took my stuff across the street to Alex's
building. The man at the front door asked me, "Who are you coming to see?"

I gave him a friendly smile. "Joe, right?" He wasn't wearing a name tag, but I
vaguely remember something like that. "I'm here to see Alex Kennedy."

The man nodded but frowned at my request. "He's not here. I haven't seen him all
day. Is there anything I can help you with?"

I sighed. "Any idea when he might be back?"

The man looked at me with a curious gaze, but he hid what he was thinking, "I
don't know. He keeps odd hours, sometimes I don't see him for weeks."

Well fuck. I sighed. I knew he wasn't telling me the whole truth but I couldn't
prove it much less say anything. "Alright. Do you have a parcel delivery or
holding location?"

"Of course."

"Is it safe? I want to leave something that's irreplaceable. If not I'll stop by
again some other time."

"It is secure, only accessible by staff, and we have a safe if you'd prefer."

"Could you put it in his apartment?" I asked hopeful.

"I could have that done for you." He smile.

"Great. Do I need to fill out anything?"

"No, step inside I'll take care of it right away." I followed Joe inside.

"Thanks." I said as Joe stepped around the front desk and set Alex's box on top.
"If he's not here then he can't drink the coffee or eat the birthday cake, so
you might as well have it." I said pushing the treat towards the door man.

"I couldn't."

I laughed. "The cake will probably go to waste at my apartment and I don't drink
cream with two sugars." I visibly shuddered at the thought.

"Is it hot?"

I nodded, "I just came from across the street."

"If you are sure." He said.

"I am."

A man came from inside the back room. "Take this box up to Mr. Kennedy's
apartment." he handed the man a key card and he was off towards the elevator.

"Thanks Joe." I said.

He waved and made a note in a book as I turned to leave. I wasn't feeling any
better, but I stopped outside the door and leaned against the rough rock wall
and sent Alex a text.

N: Your doorman is awesome. I had him deliver your box to your apartment. I
intended to give them to you five years ago, but you never showed up. I didn't
mean to keep them. I just wanted proof of who I was. I have so many questions
about the box. Maybe you'll let me ask those questions sometime.

I didn't think he'd ever let me ask those questions. He didn't like talking
about himself. Didn't want to open up. Which is fine with me, except he bitched
about me not caring. Alex was so fucking confusing.

I stared at my phone for another ten minutes hoping for a response but got
nothing. I pushed away from the wall then ran. I ran for two hours…
Scene Break
 A Walk In the Park

Alex took my hand in his when we got out of the coffee shop. His fingers
entwined with mine and I let out a breath I hadn't known I was holding. He sent
me a simple thought, *If you'd called me we wouldn’t be having this problem, so
this is all your fault.*

I rolled my eyes. "You know that's not fair right?"

Alex laughed. "You mean me looking inside your head?"

I nodded. "Yeah."

Alex smirked proudly, "Life ain't fair, didn't your mother ever tell you that?"

I shook my head. "Probably, but not that I can remember anyway."

"You've a crap memory eh?" Alex joked.

I cocked my head to the side. "Not really. I was five when my mother gave me to
the Venatori. And I don't remember a whole lot from then. And when I saw here as
an adult we didn't speak much before she died." I wondered where the comment
came from. It seemed to have some meaning to it but I didn't have any idea what
the joke was.

"My mom died when I was seventeen." Alex said sadly.

"Eighteen for me." I wasn't sad about my mother's death it was just a fact. I
regretted a bit about it. But I wasn't sad because she died. Though the sadness
and anger of the moment had lead me to my blue eyed dream guy. Funny how life
turns out. Maybe I should stay away from blue eyes… But then I looked at Alex
and I felt a tightness deep with in. I wasn't ever going to stop being in love
with my dream guy but Alex was quickly taking up that empty hole. And the more I
tried to fight it the more he pulled me deeper down. A glance, a few flirty
words and I was putty in his hands… what the fuck was I going to do. "What
happened?" I asked, "to your mother."

"Car accident. One I was supposed to be in too but I'd told mom I'd meet her
there I had something to wrap up before we left. It was a last minute thing."
Alex sounded guilty, like he'd done something wrong.

"I'm sorry. I understand survivor's guilt. I felt the same way when my mother
died." I squeezed Alex's fingers with mine and we walked in silence for a few
blocks - each in our own thoughts.

Central Park came into view and I pulled us that direction and Alex smirked at
me, "So bossy sometimes."

I couldn't help but grin back at him.

We walked a little ways into the greenness inside the City before Alex started
quietly, "So I followed you last night." i nodded acknowledging the fact that he
had. I didn't really care, it's not like I was hiding anything, it's the fact he
thought I was lying that bothered me the most. "There was a kid, what happened
to him?"

I shrugged. "He was with his mother when I left them. I don't know yet. I've
been filing reports all morning, and was going to go see how far they got on
getting information from his mother after I talked with Liam. And gave you your
phone."

"You were expecting me to be sitting there?"

I nodded. "You have been for the past several weeks, don't know why you'd change
that now." I said.

"Good point. I'm sorry I didn't call you."

I shook my head. "I know. You explained it already. I just don't like lies. I
have to tell so many of them out in the real world, keep things from people, but
I don't do that in my personal life, and I hate when someone lies to me."

"Some lies are good." Alex joked.

"No lies are good. Even the little white ones can come back to bite you in the
ass. I don't lie to the girls on the dance floor. I tell them straight out the
gate I don't want more. I don't play that I'll call or that I even take their
numbers. Some girls don't listen."

"So what about me?" Alex smirked, "Where you going to say hey it's only a one
time thing? I don't want more."

I shrugged. "I don't know. I don't think I wanted it to be a one time thing."

"But you were thinking about that night, what we could be doing instead of
dancing. I wasn't just some one night stand was I?"

"Maybe you were, but you aren't now. We've seen each other everyday for the past
three days since we met. That doesn't seem like a one night stand." I grinned at
him, "Unless this is all just a game to you to get into my pants."

Alex laughed and stopped in the middle of the sidewalk and pulled me against
him. His hands on my hips gripping tightly and holding me against him. I wrapped
my arms around his neck. Alex smirked and pressed a kiss to my lips and I let
out a small moan. "Oh Pretty boy, I don't have to play games to get into your
pants."

"Are you saying I'm easy?" I taunted back.

"Very." He chuckled and I joined him while biting my bottom lip. "You have to
stop that."

"Stop what?"

"Biting your bottom lip."

"Why?" I asked. I wasn't even sure i could stop it was an unconscious action in
most cases. I didn't do it on purpose - most of the time.

He leaned in and pulled my bottom lip in between his and bit softly. And
whispered in a husky voice, "Because all I want to do is bite it when you do
that."

I laughed and pulled back, "That sounds like a line."

Alex grinned at me and broke apart sliding his arm around my waist, "It may be a
line, but it's the fucking truth. You have no idea what that cute shy act does
to me."

I grinned, "So, back to Drake. If you want, you can come with me back to the AU
building and we'll go check on him. He should be in the daycare rooms until they
know what to do with him."

"You know the kids name?" Alex sounded surprised. "Even though you were willing
to use him as leverage."

"It's not what you think." I defended myself. "She's dead anyway. I don't know
what will happen to his father, he'll go to jail or they'll kill him too. I
don't know. It's rare a human gets mixed up in Venatori business like this. And
I certainly have never brought one in before. I can use his future as leverage.
Promise to take care of him for information."

"You mean the Venatori would take care of him?" Alex said.

"No, I mean me. I'd take care of him. Promise to keep him safe - personally."

"Why would you do that?"

"So I can get the answers I want."

"It's a false promise." Alex nodded.

I shook my head, "Nothing false about it. I don't lie, Alex. Not even to get
what I want. Tell me why I'd let a kid grow up in the Venatori like I did and
become like me? An outcast, a nobody, feeling unloved, unwanted. Kids need
someone to love them unconditionally. No strings attached. If it were in my
power I'd never let any kid ever grow up like that."

"So you'd take on some strange kid just because you don't want them growing up
like you did?"

I nodded. "I want a family. I have for some time. I may not get the wife and
kids and the white picket fence, and honestly, I don't want any of that. I want
someone to love me like I love them, I want kids, blood, not blood doesn't
really matter to me. I want a home we can live in and be safe. I just want some
semblance of normal."

"You do realize you are very far from normal. You're what, 25? And single, and
have the chance to get whatever you want and you want to settle down?"

I laughed. "I don't have that chance Alex. I'm Venatori, eventually, the
Procreation committee is gonna be breathing down my neck making me have kids.
And if I don't choose someone, they'll choose for me. And they don't believe in
science for procreation, but yet the AU building houses the finest genetics
research labs and abilities - the best from all the world is right there under
their fingertips and they insist on the old fashioned way."

Alex pulled away and walked ahead of me then turned around with his lips twisted
in frustration, "So this," He waved his hands between us, "is what? A diversion.
You're going to marry some woman, get her pregnant and she'll have your kids and
this is nothing?"

I sighed, "No. I would never marry a woman. And definitely not because the
Venatori said so. Alex, I don't like women."

"You could have fooled me with the way you fucked them on the dance floor." He
growled.

"I enjoy sex with them. But I'd never fall in love with one. I have too many
trust issues when it comes to women. I can't trust them to take care of me. And
I already told you what I needed there. Alex, I'm not looking for Ms. Right, or
Mr. Right..."

"Just Mr. Right Now." Alex interrupted.

I groaned. "Alex stop." I grabbed his shirt and pulled him close. "I'm here.
Third day in a fucking row with a guy who keeps running away from me. With a guy
who …" I didn't want to say I loved, because even that was too much for me, but
I had to say something, "A guy who I could love, who I want to at least give a
shot, even though all we ever seem to do is fight."

I sighed, "I will tell you the one truth that very few people know. I was in
love once, you remind me of him. I don't want to make a mistake with this like
back then. I don't know what I did, or what happened. But something did and he
never showed up. I'm never going to ignore you even if I'm angry. But I need to
know I can trust you. Because Alex, you can break me easier than you can snap a
dried twig."

Alex stared at me. I knew he was inside my head trying to find the lie, trying
to find what I was hiding. I closed my eyes and let him look. Opened my thoughts
to him and let him see everything. I wasn't hiding from him , there was not a
thing I wouldn't tell him, or let him see. Even if he wanted to delve into the
darkness of my mind. He was free have to whatever I had inside me.

Alex pressed his forehead against mine and pulled an image forward. "Is this
what happens every night?"

The nightmare played in my mind and I choked on my own breath. The panic welled
up inside and I felt the first lash land before I buried it again. Alex's hands
were on my face and his thumbs were wiping away the tears. "How does that
translate to the scars on your back, Nox?"

I couldn't answer him. I wanted to but I couldn't breathe. Alex pulled me over
to the grassy area and we sat down, he pulled me into his lap and wrapped his
arms around me, "It's okay. You're safe."

Funny thing was, I already knew that. All it took was his arms around me and I
calmed drastically, my heart was racing but my breath was slowing just having
him hold me. I was going to be so broken when he left me.

He held me for a, I don't know how long, as long as i needed until I could speak
again. "I've had nightmares of what Garrett did to me since I was six years old.
When I'm stressed out or when the dream is really strong on particular nights,
my own power leaves gashes in my back."

"What do you mean, your power? You do this to yourself?" Alex sounded more like
I'd hurt him than I was hurting myself.

I leaned back against him and took a deep breath. "I don't do it on purpose."

"Jesus, Nox." Alex breathed against my neck. And we just sat there for a while.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTIwMDUzMTIwNTRdfQ==
-->