#  Nightmares and Comfort Foods

By the time I got back to my apartment both Sage and Mia were asleep with Naya
in my bed. I sighed then grabbed another shower. At least they left me space,
but then they knew better than to make me sleep in the middle of the bed too.
But that's where they had me.

With a pair of clean boxers and a tank top on I crawled into bed in front of
Sage. Naya was sprawled across the middle of the bed. I curled down next to Sage
and then lifted the little girl on to my chest where she pressed he head into my
chest. Mia's eyes blinked open at me as she moved closer, "There you are. You
want your side?"

I shook my head. "I'll okay."

She grinned as her arm fell across the back of her daughter. Sage had shifted
closer oblivious to Mia's hand across my body. He was raised in a wolf pack but
couldn't stand to be touched. It had been hell on him until he met me. I could
be in the middle of his puppy pile and he could touch me. He got all the
comforts of family he wanted without all the hassle.

I closed my eyes and a pair of elusive blue eyes floated in my vision.

He laughed at me. "So pathetic. I could never love you." Visions of Alex shoving
me, laughing at things I did. And then he reached into my chest and I heard and
felt him pull my heart of my chest. It beat in his hands. "I'd thought it be
bigger." he said just before my eyes popped open. It was hard to breath, I felt
a weight on my chest making it even worse. Sage's hand clamped on my shoulder
and Mia's rubbed my arm. Both of them shushing and reassuring me in their sleep.
Like they'd done so many times before that. I couldn't stay lodged between them.
I sat up with Naya in my arms and rolled her over on top of her mother then
climbed out of bed over the foot of the bed.

The apartment was silent. It was strange walking across the dark wood floors
with nothing more than my own eyes to guid me. Fee was curled up on the couch. I
sat down next to her and ran my fingers over her stiff coat. She purred absently
then quieted as her dreams took her over again.

I hung my head against the back of the couch and stared at the ceiling. I can
say one thing about having a party, my apartment smelled more like home. Not
perfect, but close.

I didn't know what time it was, but it didn't matter. I wasn't going to sleep. I
was dreaming of Alex. I was surprised I hadn't been beaten by the blue eyed
demon. Maybe it decided to change tactics since my worst nightmare was Alex
rejecting me. I glanced at my phone and saw there were no missed messages.

I sluggishly pulled myself off the couch and into my new kitchen and started
rummaging through Henry's box of goodies. Only to find a can of pumpkin puree.
I'd never been much of a baker, and really I didn't need to make a crust, that
was just added carbs.

I flipped open my browser on my phone and started a search for the best pumpkin
pie recipe on the internet.

I brewed a pot of coffee while I searched. I drank two cups before I was busy in
my kitchen making the can of pumpkin puree into pumpkin pie filling. Only thing
I needed was whipped cream, but I could make that from scratch too I had heavy
cream for Fee. She'd be pissed I used it all, but I'd make it up to her.

Two pots of coffee later, and half a pie's worth of pumpkin pie later the first
soul roused. Rider was stretching as walked into the living room area. "What
time is it?"

I shrugged. "No idea."

"You been up all night?" my little brother asked concerned.

I shrugged again. "Yeah I think so."

"Dad's been keeping weird hours lately. I though it'd be different here. You
always slept until 4am at least."

"Sorry." I apologized. "New place. I'm not used to it yet."

"Has nothing to do with the guy who didn't who up?"

"Has everything to do with that, but it doesn't change the fact that I'd still
be a mess."

Rider grinned as he sat down and took my spoon from my long fingers. "Pumpkn
pie?"

"My favorite."

Rider nodded. "I know, but where you'd get it."

"I made it."

"There is no crust."

I nodded, "I'm not a baker, and I really only like the filling anyway."

"Smart. Less carbs too." He smiled. "Dad says you are a bad influence."

"Why?"

"Cause Laker and I started going to the gym about a year ago. We did it so we
could play football, but then we decided soccer was better."

"You like playing?" I asked.

He nodded. "It's nice. But I like running, and actually like just lifting heavy
things."

I grinned. "That's what I like too."

"But you do it to keep in shape."

"Actually I do it cause it keeps me sane."

Rider sighed, "You okay?"

I shrugged, "I dunno."

"Go back to bed Nox." Rider said as he pulled the bowl away from me and got up
to put it in the fridge.

I watched him, he sighed and walked around the table and pulled me out of my
chair. "Come on."

Rider didn't even bother taking me to my room, he shoved me under the bottom
bunk and crawled in after me. "Sleep, now."

I listened, but only because once I was lying on the bed I yawned and I was
tired. Rider let me curl around him and I whispered, "I thought I was supposed
to be the big brother here."

He laughed, "You are. But sometimes you need someone to take care of you. And
that's why we are here."

I pressed a kiss to the back of his neck which Rider promptly wiped off.
"Thanks." I whispered as I drifted off into the darkness. I knew I'd have a
nightmare, but I was too tired to care.Scene Break
 Inside the AU Building (Alex)

The Apex Unlimited building was a spectacle but I think that was why the
Venatori built it, it's curves making it stand out against the sharp lines of
Manhattan. Inside was just as grand. I headed us towards the back to the service
elevators. "You remembered." He joked.

I smirked at him. "I mean I like having you curled up against me and all but I
can do without the panic attacks."

"I can still curl up against you if you want." He offered with a smile and it
went straight to my cock.

I chuckled "Nah, that's alright. You're still mad at me." It was a joke, but I
knew it was the truth too. But his thoughts spiraled down and I tugged him into
the elevator and against me as I backed up towards the wall, "Stop. I don't need
to hear all your down talking and neither do you."

"Oh so it's for my own good." He said so close that I couldn't help but look at
his lips. Those soft precious lips.

I smirked. "Of course. I'd never be selfish."

Nox did exactly what I wanted and pressed his lips to mine then whispered
against them, "I want you to be selfish."

I pulled him closer and our bodies pressed together. Lips, tongues, and teeth
all mashed together. It was slow yet frenzied. I wanted nothing more than to go
back to his room and continue what we started but Nox was on a path set ahead of
him. When the doors dinged open we were heading down a corridor that was filled
with chaotic kid noises. Their minds underdeveloped and lacking shields. "Off to
see a kid, I guess." He said as he took my hand and we walked down the hall.

We turned a corner and there was a class following single file down the hall.
All of them were loud in their heads. One girl turned and looked at us, she
giggled and turned to her friend and she giggled. Their thoughts were focusing
on the color of Nox's hair. It was blue. It looked good in with the brown. But
kids would be kids. Nox was thinking they were making fun of our holding hands.
I squeezed his hand and leaned into him to whisper,, "It's not us holding hands,
it's your hair. They find the color funny."

Nox lifted his free hand to his head and his hair magically changed colors. I'd
seen him do it in the dream just as magically. It brought back memories of him
doing that in the dream. Of our first kiss. Fuck.

One little girl claimed, "I can do that." Her chilled voice pulled me from my
memory as she took the brown lock of her hair and twirled it in around her
finger and the end magically turned purple. "See. It's not so special."

Nox laughed, but her teacher didn't find it so funny as she scolded."Cassidy,
stop fooling around, you aren't supposed to touch the elements without your
teacher. You know this." The little girl sighed and when her teacher turned
around the little girl stuck her tongue out at Nox. *You got me in trouble,
meanie*, came flying at the both of us. I wondered who else had heard, But I had
definitely heard her.

"She's loud." I told Nox as we rounded a corner away from them.

"What do you mean?"

"I heard what she sent you." I clarified.

"Do you think she meant for you to hear?"

I shook his head, "No it had the flavor of being a targeted send, like it was
meant for you and only you. But she hit me too. She needs some lessons."

Nox nodded, "She's here, she'll get it. Though to have such strong telepathy at
her age is rare. Having such fine control of her other gifts at that age even
rarer."

"I bet you had it." I complimented him, but he shook his head.

"No. I caught things on fire at her age." I could hear the negative thoughts.

"So where is this kid?" I changed the topic so he'd think of happier things or
at the very least better things.

We stopped at the front desk and Nox asked, "Hi. Yesterday, last night actually,
I brought in a dragon and her son. I was wondering if you could tell me where
her son was. I'd like to check on him before I go up and see where things are
with his mother."

The woman looked up at him with a frowned. "You have to stop bring in strays?"
Her frown deepened when she looked at me. I glared back at her. I wasn't some
fucking stray.

"He's not a stray. Though I could keep him." He almost hadn't kept me… He was
still mad but I felt he meant it. There was no lie in his thoughts - there never
was.

The woman's cheeks grew a little rosy and she looked away from me to her
computer. "The boy is in a detainment room."

She pointed the direction but Nox cut her off quickly, "I know where it is.
Spent enough time there."

I definitely didn't like the sound of the type of room the boy was in. I didn't
like the fact that Nox had spent time in them either. This trip was causing more
questions than answers. I made my comment vocal, "Detainment, they make him
sound dangerous."

"He is in a way." Nox clarified his statement. "He's half dragon, he could be in
a detention room for that alone. I spent the first three days of my life in the
Venatori in one of those rooms, then spend three months when I was six in one.
The orange door indicates he's a fire starter." I was surprised that color of
the door was Nox's favorite color as well as one of his greatest fears. But he
opened it without a care and his heart immediately went out to the boy sitting
in the corner. He was crying and when he looked up with orange eyes he saw Nox
and ran to him. Nox picked him up "Hey little man."

I was surprised by the little boy's reaction. Not exactly the one I'd expect for
the man who brought him into this hell hole. I asked, "Why's he locked up
alone?" I knew I sounded angry but Nox didn't seem to mind nor did he react to
it.

"They don't know what to do with him. Do they Drake?" He curled around Nox, and
Nox introduced us. "Drake, this is Alex. Alex, Drake."

Drake blinked at me. Almost as strange as his orange eyes was the color of his
hair. Like it was made of spun gold. I reached out and ran my fingers through
his short cut hair, "I thought it'd feel different."

"It's just hair" Drake giggled.

"I wish my hair was that color." I lied.

"I can fix that." Nox reached up and ran his fingers through my hair. It took me
a moment to realize what he was doing and I jerked away from him. He was
grinning like a fool but he added, "I didn't do it."

Did I trust him? "Did he? I trust you." I asked the little dragon while I glared
at Nox, though it was not a real one. I heard his singular thought of wanting to
kiss me.

But Drake broke us both from the staring contest we had going on. "Still bwack."
He reached up and touched Nox's hair. "Not this."

"You don't like it?" Nox asked and Drake shook his head. Nox turned his gaze on
me questioning whether I liked it or not.

"You heard him." I answered him with a smirk.

Nox turned and walked the way we came and looked at me specifically as he asked.
"So what color would you like it?"

"I don't know, can you make it look flames?" I knew the answer to that was yes,
but I wanted to see what he did with my request.

Nox let go of my hand and it felt cool to the air around it. I missed the feel
of his fingers in mine. Drake laughed at the spectacle and I tried not to stare.
It looked exactly as I remembered it. Though the hair had been darker then, but
this was better, I liked it on him. Almost as much as the blue he'd been
sporting before.

"I can change it." Nox said quickly.

I must have looked off, I responded quickly, "Fuck no, it looks great." I slid
my arm around his waist. I liked feeling him next to me - for real. We'd been
close once. Even if he'd forgotten me so many times. We reached the front desk
and I called out, "Barbara, we are taking him to see his mom."

There was a warm fuzzy feeling coming from Nox's thoughts. It made me smile. But
I had questions, I seemed to always have questions. "What are we going to do
once he gets to his mom?"

"I expect we'll have to bring him back down, but it'll show her he's still
alive, let him spend some time with his mom. I'll figure out what is going on
with his mom maybe even who she's working for and what is going on."

"What do you think is going on?" I didn't care but Poet might. This case was
causing Poet grief and it was the reason I was here now. Making up with him,
when I should run.

"Well dragons around the world bearing the Last Phoenix mark are revealing
themselves, testing us I bet. And the bank job wasn't a typical one, dragon's
don't go for money - she did something to the computer. But there has to be more
to it."

"Why?" I asked as Nox pushed the button to the elevator. I knew he hated the
elevator, "You going to be alright?"

"Yeah. It's only a few floors." he nodded, and kept right on talking, "But
because dragons don't just do things for nothing. They collect things, they
don't want money."

"Any leads?" I asked as I wrapped my arm around him again to tickle the little
dragon in his arms. He giggled and it made me smile. It made Nox smile too. I
liked seeing that smile on his lips.

"Just the dragon sitting in that room." He nodded towards a glass walled room
with a single person sitting inside. "Let me take him in, do you want to go with
or stay out here?" he looked at me curiously.

"I should go." I said. He wasn't focused on me. He was going to get sucked into
work and that was the last thing I was interested in - though that was what Poet
wanted.

Nox shook his head and pulled me closer "It won't take long, please stay."

I should stick around, see what they do to this dragon, Poet said she was a
friend of a friend so he's want to know. And I suddenly realised I was starving,
that chocolate cake had barely touched the sides, I wondered what else my pretty
boy could cook "Only if you make me food afterwards." And he was a great cook.

But he started panicking. He was thinking about trust and I wanted to get angry,
i wanted to growl but it just made me feel sad and I sighed. "I'm gonna go,
pretty boy."

"It's not that I don't want to Alex." Nox whispered.

"I got it. You don't trust me. No problem. I'm gonna go." I pulled away and
headed for the elevator. I knew when I wasn't wanted.

"Please Alex let me explain." He begged. "I want to trust you. I need to trust
you. But I can't…. " He paused in his words, his thoughts searching for the
right thing to say,. "I trust you not to hurt me. Please stay, let me show you."

I growled to myself as I turned around "Show me what?"

"I'll tell you everything. Please, stay. Let me do this real quick and then I'm
all yours. For the rest of the day let me show you what's wrong with me. And
then if you want to go I'll understand." He was ready to end this, or maybe he
thought I would. Maybe I should just walk away now. Tell Poet I'd failed. I
could give him the information I had and then I could be out.

But something kept me here as I sighed, "I’ll stay. I still want food."

He grinned and waved. "Of course." I loved that smile. He was smiling at the
boy, not at me, and I felt a tiny stab of jealousy. Fuck!

He said to the boy, "Drake say bye to Alex. We're gonna see your mom now
alright?"

Drake giggled and waved. "Bye, Awex. See you soon." I hoped I would see him
again. And he better be alive.

I watched as Nox walked into the glass room and he set the little boy on the
table and he crawled across it to his mother. I could listen to the
conversation, but I didn't need to. I looked around the hall I was standing in,
and found some chairs facing the conference room and sat down to watch things
unfold.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMjY5MTE0MjNdfQ==
-->