# Scene Breakfast With Family

I woke with a start curled against Rider on the bottom bunk. My back was sore
and I was breathing harder because of the nightmare I'd just woken up to. But my
back wasn't bleeding. I shoved Rider and he groaned as he fell out of bed.
"Shit, Nox!"

"Sorry. I can't move."

Laker hung down from the top bunk with a grin. "That was funny."

I grinned at my brothers. "You hungry?"

Both of them said at the same time, "Always."

"Grab showers and I'll make you food. Mia and Sage are still here with Naya."

"She's a sweetie." Rider said as he grabbed clean clothes.

Laker groaned. "I don't wanna Dad." Then burst into laughter. "Mind if I use
your shower?"

"Don't wake the baby." I said as I crawled out of the bottom bunk bed. This was
the first time cooking for real in my apartment. The pumpkin pie filling didn't
really count as cooking even though I did use a pan to make it.

The one good thing about my brothers is they were used to getting up at the ass
crack of dawn with me. Mostly because that's what they had to do on a normal day
to get to school on time. Living in the middle of nowhere meant early rise for
them and they only had one bathroom.

I made breakfast. It was simple eggs, bacon and toast. There was a roll of
cinnamon rolls that someone had brought and I made them too. The soft scent of
cinnamon permated my kitchen and the rest of my house and I knew exactly why
they'd left them in my fridge - calming. I didn't know who it was and it didn't
really matter. It was someone who knew me and knew me well enough to understand
that I was a mess.

I glanced at my phone, still no response from Alex.

After I had everything finished I took a picture of a plate cinnamon roll and
all. Then sent Alex a text.

N: Look what you are missing.

I shredded some bacon and left overs for Fee and then went to sit outside on my
balcony. I was finding being outside more calming than sitting at my dining room
table. On my plate was also a healthy scoop of my pumpkin pie filling. I was
going to have to make more. I might never go to Bonnie's again.

But I knew that was a lie. I heard the twins joking as they walked into the
living space and grabbed their own food. I probably needed to make more than I
did with two growing sixteen year old spending the next month or more with me.
We'd get through this change together I guessed.

My brothers came out with me with their heaping plates. There was a scramble for
the last seat which ended up with both of them laughing as they fought over the
chair. Rider shoved Laker and Laker pushed at his brother. Rider won the chair
when he licked his brothers hand. So gross.

Laker thought the same thing and jerked away relinquishing the chair to his
cheating brother. He grumbled about cheating as he sat down with his back to the
railing. "This is a nice place, Nox. And way up here it's almost quiet."

I nodded. "I like it up here."

"And you are so afraid of heights too."

I grinned. "Heights never stopped me."

"That's what Mom used to say too. Said that near death experience made you
afraid, but if something happened you were always right there doing what needed
to be done."

I sighed. And Rider looked at me with a frown. "Mom was just afraid, Nox. She
loved you. Couldn't say enough good things about you. She hated it, every day.
We were afraid we'd never live up to you."

"She should have told me herself instead of hating me till the day she died."

"She was afraid more. That's all. But she forgot some days, but when you were
there, she saw nothing but a monster. She couldn't shake it. We know she loved
you."

I shrugged. "Doesn't matter now."

"No." Rider said. "But it does matter to us, that you…"

I interrupted my little brother. "I would never hold it against you. Yeah at
first I was mad that she had a whole other life without me. But I can't be mad
at you. Anymore than I'm mad at Jesse or at my Dad. I just wished she knew I'd
forgiven her."

My brothers smiled. "She knew."

By the time we finished eating, Sage was shuffling out of the bedroom. "Nox?"

"Out here."

Rider took my plate and he pulled his brother to his feet. "We are going to go
see what's around the new neighborhood, maybe find a pick up game or something."

"Make sure you take your phones."

"Will do Dad." Laker grinned as he closed the glass door behind him.

"You like it out here huh?" Sage asked.

"It's calming."

Sage nodded, "No urge to jump?"

I shook my head. "No I'll stay here where I don't worry anyone, and I don't
accidentally die."

Sage grinned. "Good." He handed me the jump drive I'd given him two days ago. "I
had it done yesterday morning before your brother's called. I knew you weren't
going to work on your birthday, but I knew if I gave it back to you, you would
work. You needed a chill day."

"Thanks. What did you find out?" I asked.

"Well, it's not really a means of stealing anything. It's more like they were
monitoring things, and setting up back doors all around the City. I think they
are looking for a backdoor into the Stock Exchange. There were several key
acronyms that I recognized. Like they were looking to take advantage of the
fluctuations in the market. It'd be perfect to destabilize the economy as well
as make someone rich. But I'm not stock man. I just know what the code was
doing. The encryption was tight."

"But you hacked it."

Sage grinned, "Of course I did. Computers talk to me, doncha know."

I echoed his grin and nodded. "Thanks Sage. I can't imagine what the dragons
would want to do with this particular device. They don't usually hoard money.
And destabilizing our world doesn't seem like the best thing in the world to
do."

"Unless they want the supernatural world to take over - create a safety net of
magic. We can fix things, run things, humans may be the dominant race but we
unknown things can kill you in an instant."

"But why now? And why dragons? They will outlive us all."

Sage shrugged. "Dad and Adrian keep saying it's the time of prophecy. So maybe
the dragons are taking advantage of that."

"Time of prophecy as, in things are already written? That's bullshit." I said.

Sage shook his head. "I don't know. Fate, destiny, the will of god seems very
Venatori if you ask me."

I laughed. "Shows how much you know. The Venatori don't believe in fate or
destiny. There is no god. No divine providence."

"But there is the Clandestine law."

"Which only states that we are to stay hidden in order to protect humanity. And
it's not a Venatori thing, it's a supernatural law. The minute the Clandestine
Providence is broken is the minute that everything we know dies. Wolves will be
hunted for their pelts. Vampires will kill all the humans for food. There will
be chaos."

"And if someone say the dragons were to be peacekeepers like the Venatori?"

I laughed, "You honestly think that the Dragons can do any better than the
Venatori? Eventually it'll all end up the same. We can't have one race rule them
all."

"Your way is better, but still the humans."

"The humans what? Need to know? Or do we keep them safe? They are such a fragile
race, any one of us could hurt them."

"But there are so many of them."

I shrugged. "I don't know. We each need to govern our own and have a unifying
law to protect us all. Which is what the Clandestine Providence was supposed to
be."

Mia stuck her head out, "Hey Sage, you want a ride home? Me and Naya need to get
back to Brooklyn."

"Sure." Sage stood up and placed a kiss on my right temple. "I love you, no
matter what. Call me if you need anything Nox."

"Thanks you two."

Mia pressed a kiss to my forehead and dropped a small bundle in my lap and she
giggled. "Hey sweetheart." I gave her a big kiss on the cheek and she giggled a
little more. "You be good for your mama."

"I will." She held her hands up for her mom to grab and Mia and Sage waved as
they left me alone in my new apartment. I sighed as I stared at the USB drive in
my hand. I didn't know what their game was, but at least I knew I something more
was going on.
 Father Figure (Alex)

For being in the heart of what was the Venatori - there were tattoos every
fucking where, it felt quieter than most places. The only people I felt were
Nox, the two dragons with him and a handful of others throughout my current
reading range. But it was a change from being in Nox's apartment where there was
only him. Whatever warding they did to keep vampires out also kept stray
thoughts from leaking around. Or at least that's what I assumed.

A man in a well tailored suit walked past me with a nod and opened the
conference room door. He held papers in his hand. Nox looked happy to see him. I
watched through the plate glass walls as words were exchanged and papers slide
to Nox, and to the woman to read. I should have read Nox's mind, but I didn't
want to get involved. Poet would never know I had the opportunity to listen to a
negotiation by the Venatori, but I didn't suspect this happened outside of Nox
anyway, the mere fact that it was happening was the key point.

The man left with a wave. As soon as the door closed the man sat down in the
chair next to me. "You must be Alex." He said.

I turned to look at him. "Do I know you?"

He shook his head and offered his hand. "Dorian Vega."

"So you're the one who let someone hurt him." I said bluntly - my mouth escaping
me for a moment.

The man smiled at me. He didn't get angry which surprised me. "There was no
proof that the man hurt him. While he was in his care, there were no signs.
Should I have seen the way the boy drew into himself even more than he had been
when he got here. Yes, probably. But I too was young. He was my first charge. I
did everything in my power to protect him. Even after the fact."

"That doesn't negate the fact that he was tortured."

"It does not." Dorian agreed. "But Nox never blamed me for what happened to
him."

"Of course, fucking not, he idolizes you."

Dorian laughed. "No, he respects me. He's forgiven me for my transgressions
great and small and I'm eternally grateful. He idolized his true father for
which I encouraged. But when it came time to know his father it took a few years
and they still have problems."

"I'm aware of his problems." I said curtly. I wanted this conversation to end.

Dorian stood up and smiled. "You aren't like his other friends. You aren't like
any of his other lovers. I'm hoping you are nothing like the man he tried to
have relationship with."

"I'm nothing like Dan." I growled.

Dorian chuckled. "Tell me Mr. Kennedy, do you know you are more than just a
human path?"

What the fuck? I blinked at him. The well manicured man gave a brief nod. "Most
of us can't see what Nox sees. Whether it's out of disbelief, or complete lack
of gift, i don't know. But you are more than just a telepath. I see something
different, a little wiccan, and something else." He shook his head like he was
riding himself of some bad image. "Take care of him. He wears his heart on his
sleeve if he lets you close enough to see it.:

"What no, if I hurt him I'll kill you speech?"

"Would you like me to?" he asked. "Nox doesn't need someone to stand up for him,
he needs someone to pick up all the pieces when he's broken."

I sighed. "So, I've seen. How do you do it?"

Dorian sat back down on the edge of his seat turned towards. "How do I pick up
the pieces?"

I shook my head, "No, how do you not want to just leave?"

"I don't think you need me to answer that. You wouldn't be here if you didn't
already know the answer. I know you've seen Nox in a bad place. And I expect as
you and he get to know one another you'll see him at his lowest. But for me,
there was never the option to leave. He was my duty, my responsibility at first.
Then he was the topic of my thesis and a hallmark student. It took me five years
before I loved him - and his quirks. He's the reason I am where I am both
professionally and personally. With out that boy, I think my life would be
dull."

I laughed at that last comment. Though I wish I could tell him I had seen him at
his lowest - more than once. I'd talked him out of suicide on a number of
occasions. I'd seen him high out of his mind and in a drunken stupor. It was all
dreams - I had always wondered if they were real. "I have one last question, I
know you want to go."

"Not want, son. Have a job to do and chit chatting with my favorite students
boyfriend isn't getting it done, but go ahead." He smiled warmly at me. It made
me feel like I could tell him anything and it wouldn't matter what it was.

"As a kid, was he… did it get so bad that he wanted to end it all?"

Dorian looked at me through stunned eyes. I knew he was looking at those things
he saw like Nox did. He was trying to find out why I'd asked.

"You've seen his mind." He said.

"There is a lot of darkness I don't want to step into." I said honestly. The
darkness had scared me on a primal level as well as an emotional one. I'd seen
myself in there and I didn't want to know why.

Dorian sighed. "Yes. The anniversary of his sparking has always been rough for
him. And I know of two cases where he tried and failed to kill himself. The
first was when he was seven and he slashed his wrists but he healed too fast for
it to do any good. The second he jumped from the top of the building and had
second thoughts half way down. He broke several bones in the landing. But
nothing recent, the past five years have seen a drastic drop in his destructive
behavior." Dorian stood up and offered me his hand. "I should go. It was a
pleasure meeting you Alex. Maybe you and Nox can come by for dinner. I'm sure
Nox and Marco would love to show up whatever concoction they could put together
for us."

I took his hand and then watched him walk away. The past five years he'd been
less destructive. Well fuck!


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTExMzQ3Mjc1NDFdfQ==
-->