#  Well Done IT

I had things to do, but I looked around my new place. It was different. But it
was starting to smell like home. I took a quick shower and changed into clean
clothes. I loved my room. Drake's room was full of windows. The twins didn't
have as many but there was plenty of light in the whole place. Lots of space.
There was more than enough space in my bedroom to add chairs and things, but I
liked having the space for doing my yoga, though that might disturb my bed mate?

I sighed as I reminded myself yet again, that Alex wasn't responding to my
texts. With that note of despair I headed to the AU building. It was a actual
walk and nice too. I took 30 flights of stairs down, and then the 40 plus to go
to my desk. It was a good workout. If I ran it, it might be better too. It was a
thought.

I sat down at my desk and noticed my stack hadn't changed at all. Though my
father still had a stack of stuff for me to look at. Vampire things. I grabbed
the files, and headed to the cafeteria. I hated working at the desk. It was in
the middle of everything and people liked to stop and read over my shoulder. I
hated that.

At least in the cafeteria most people were too busy eating to do anything else.
Especially pay attention to someone doing work while nursing a snack. I wasn't
hungry but I grabbed a bottle of water and sat down with my back to the
cafeteria line. I expected people to sit around me so I made sure I was only
taking up so much space.

The things my father wanted to know was nothing more than for me to figure out
what the hell they were doing in such and such district. There was a commune of
humans were worshiping them like gods. Which was about right for that district,
it housed the only Church of the Damned in New York City. It was the only one
Desmond, Cari and Ant allowed in the city. It was the top side of Harlem and it
was benign. They didn't turn anyone against their will and they were careful to
watch their fledglings. I'd never had any problems with them.

I was amused that my father had just not found them being the resident vampire
hunter in the City. But with the influx of supernatural I guess it was bound to
happen sooner or later. I wrote down a bunch of notes for my father. Mostly
pertaining to who was who in the Church of the Damned and who to contact if a
fledgling was outside of Harlem.

I also noted to my father that if he asked for their ID they'd give him one that
said exactly what faction and bloodline they were apart of. It wasn't common
knowledge, but my father was starting to lean the right way in terms of how he
handled the supernatural beings. I guess I wasn't always talking hot air. Even
though he liked to accuse me of it.

There was paperwork to fill out regarding Naomi and her husband. And an update
on Drake's testing. He was having to go to the Golden Clan's citadel in order to
be properly tested per his mother's instructions. I was assured he'd be returned
to me in good health with the proper insignia branded on his chest. That was not
something I was happy with. Branding a three year old for life? I almost stormed
out of the place but there really was no point in it. I didn't know where to go.
I didn't know who to talk to. Fuck, even if I did what was I going to do? I
didn't meddle in supernatural affairs unless they related to the Clandestine
Providence and branding a three year old was hardly going to shatter the human
belief system.

Fuck! I was gonna go insane with that. My phone rang and I was grateful for the
distraction. I answered without thinking, though I hoped to hear the voice of a
certain blue eyed man on the other side but it was Nate, "Hey Nox."

"Hey Nate. How you doing?"

"I'm doing great! I also have great news for you."

"Tell me you have a the location of a blue eyed man and he's heading this
direction?" I joked.

Nate laughed. "No. Who you looking for?"

I shrugged, but Nate couldn't see it. "No one. What do you have for me, Nate?" I
asked.

"I have a list of addresses from the numbers you gave me a few days ago." My
phone beeped with a new text. "I sent you the information. I'm so surprised Mom
let me have a cell phone. Well not Mom, more Dad. You haven't rubbed off on Dad
at all. Mom likes you."

I grinned. "I like your Mom. Your Dad reminds me of everyone else here." I said.
"Thank you Nate. I'm glad you worked that fast for me."

Nate chuckled. "It wasn't all for you, ya know? This was the most exciting thing
I had to do."

"Really?"

"I have reports to type up. Fun."

"Sounds great and boring and I'm glad I only have to deal with my own reports."
I said.

"You get to go hunting monsters and skirt around the city." Nate awed.

I sighed, "I don't hunt monsters. I help supernatural beings."

"I know. It's so cool."

I sighed. "You can still be a hunter, you have two years left yet to finish."

"I can't be a hunter, my father would kill me."

"You don't have to do what your father says."

"So says the boy with no family." He chuckled. "Mr. Vega, let you do whatever
you wanted."

I laughed. "I was nothing but a nuisance, Dorian just did that to get rid of
me."

"Still." Nate said with a sigh, "I have to get back to those reports. They don't
type themselves."

"It'll get better. I promise."

Nate signed off and I was left alone with my thoughts on how I was raised and
how I needed to make sure Drake felt loved. I never had. I sighed as I looked at
the addresses. The very first one I knew. Well fuck!

