#  Unlawful Entry

I knocked on the door and waited for a response.

I didn't get one. And I didn't sense anyone insidScene Break
 Young Novices

"Come on, let's walk." Alex said as he pushed me bout my ability wasn't like
knowing. I didn't hear anything. I didn't smell a strong scent of dragon. And
every magical creature ever leaves behind a little bit of a magic trail and if a
dragon lived here that was why I felt dragon. It was different from werewolf and
vampire. When we weof his lap. I stood up and
turned around and pulled him up to his feet. I wanted to pull him against me but
instead we started walking the way we came. I kept bre are kids we used to joke we could feel the power of the
mystical unicorn. The kids didn't really know that they were sensing the magic
of the other races and honestly none of them reang down in front of
him. Even when I didn't want to. I whispered, "I'm sorry."

Alex shook his head, "Don't worry about it Pretty boy. I'lly care now. The Venatori were
really shitty hunters if you asked me. They hunted like it was the dark ages -
maybe it still was for them.

I knocked again hoping someontch you when you
fall." That made me feel better, but also a little afraid that he was going the shower and just didn't hear me. But
after another minute of waiting no one answered the door. I sighed as I looked
one over my left shoulder and saw no one nearby. Then over my right and standing
in the doorway was a familiar silhouette.

"Oink, oink?" I asked playfully.

The vampire stano
leave me and any safety I felt would be gone with him.

We walked to the AU building. We were inside and heading for the back of the
building before I realized we were heading into the shadow smiled showing me his toothyervice elevators. "You
remembered." I joked.

Alexding in the shadow smiled showing me his toothy grinned. "I felt
you coming a mile away."

"I thmean I like havinkg you are exaggerating" I said to Armcurled up against me ande as he walked towards me with
his hand against the wall. For a blind person he was more mobile than a human.
The extra senses helped I'm sull but I can
do without the panic attacks."

"I can still curl up against you if you want." I offeredre.

Armandelex chuckled,. "I felt you as soon as you crossed the street from Central
Park. But that was the warning boundariesNah, that's alright. You're still mad at me."

I lausighed. "You cheated then."

"You are the only supernatural being who dares cross the imaginary lines without
calling first."

"The joys of modern technology eh?"

"BackI guess I was, but I wanted to forget it. He could disarm me one
moment and then I was there again with my back against the wall the next. He
tugged me into in the old days we had border patrols and much smaller territories. For my
power base I have more than I expected. But I think that has more to do with who
my associates are rather than my power and capabilities."

I grinned. "Cari trusts your judgement and protects your lands?"

"That and Del Figlio and of course you. My favorite mealelevator, "Hey." He said, turning me towards him, "Stop. I
don't need to hear all your down talking and neither do you."

"Oh so it's for my own good."

Alex smirked. "Of course. I'd never be selfish."

"I preally am just bacon to you aren't i?"

Armande laughed, "You even oink like a pig. Did you come for slaughter, little
piggie?" His humor turned dark as I saw the blood in his eyes blinding, hiding
the grey orbs that were usually there.

"Funny." I said. "Tryssed my lips to his and grinned. "I want you to be selfish."

Alex leaned against the wall and put his hands on my hips and pulled me close. I
loved having him looking at up at me as he leaned against the wall. I leaned
down and licked his bottom lip then pressed mingeing to scare me?"

Armande shrugged, "Maybe, I'm just that hungry and you came into my home
uninvited."

"Are you threatening me Armande?"

He took a step back. "I would never." He took another step back in fear.

"I'm not taking it that way Armande, there is no need to be afraid."

There was a sigh of relief and the look on his face was less scared. But he kept
his distance. "You won't tell Il Cane of my foul tempered joke?"

I shook my head. "Do I need to?"

He shook his head. "No."

"This and we kissed. I parted
my lips and his tongue snaked in, mine met his and by the time we reached the
Academy level we were both breathless and both hard. The door dinged open and we
pulled away slowly with a soft laugh. "Off to see a kid, I guess." I said as I
took his hand in mine and started for the nursery area.

I was curious how hen we are gas doing ten we are good. Armande." He looked at me though I knew he couldn't see me,
his eyes still red from lack of food, "Feed." I offered him my wrist.

"What favor do you want?" He asked leery he was staring at the vein in my wrist
as if he could see it pulsing, he could hear the blood rushing through my veins.

"I don't want a favor yet. This is a peace offering." I said.

"We have peace, Nox Sétanta. What do you want?"

"I don't want anything fThe Academy was full of people; we were in
the lower grades, where the kids were loud and obnoxious. We followed one class
down the halls, the kids were all whispering and giggling, some pointed fingers
at us. I guess seeing two grown men holding hands was giggle wor this. You are hungry and I'm here."

He considered for a long time and I dropped my arm and he frowny.

Alex leaned in and whispered., "Is the offer
gone?"

"No, but I looked like an idiot holding out my arm for so long." I joked.

He chuckled. "I will feed, but I will owe you a favor."

I grinned. "I figured as much." I held out my arm and Armande took it greedily.
His fangs sank int's not us holding hands, it's your hair. They
find the color funny."

I grinned and lifted my left hand to my armhead and I grimaced at the sharp pain followed by the
complete euphoria of an addict and then there was just a pleasant feeling. It
was akin to a buzz from a drink, but nothing I could be addicted to. Though I
was slightly saddened by the fact that Alex would probably have a fit right now.
wove the many different
patterns to change the tips of my hair a different color. I didn't choose one,
It was a kaleidoscope of color. I'd have to look in a mirror I cdould hear him getting frustrated with me. What I wouldn't give to hear him
right now.

Armande let lose my arm and frowned. "You have to stop that."

"Sorry." I said.

"Are our favors coming to an end Nox Sétanta?"

I shrugged. I really didn't know. "We might have to find alternatives."

The look on Armande's face told me there were no other alternatives. "Il Cane
may seek to replace me if that is the case."

I shrugged again. "Vampire politics. Not my business."

"As if your word means nothing to Il Cane. You are on a first name basis with
the Hound. Her son comes at your beck and call."

"Ant is my friend."

Armande laughed, "No one is friends with Mors Praetor just because he's a nice
guy." He gave me a look that said he was waiting for me to challenge him. But
the statement only made me sad. He followed it up by asking a question, "Why did
you come here, Mors Praetor?"

"Please don't call me that. I'm looking for the owner of a phone with a specific
number that's tied with my dragon case."

Armande nodded towards the plain brown door. "Is this where you think it is?"

I shrugged. "It's a dragon's lair behind it. It's not a coincidence, but I have
no evidence of such."

Armande nodded. "Do you wish to enter? I can't let you do that. He is here under
sanctuary."

"I'm aware of that. But you do owe me a favor now."

He growled. "This was your gain wasn't it?"

I shook my head. "Actually, no I was just going to break in and see for myself
what lay beyond. No one would even know I was here."

Armande sighed, "I would."

"Now." I said. "I'm going to go for a walk, and you are going to go back to
whatever you were doing. And when I come back you won't know what I'm doing."

"You're favor is to ask me to forget I saw you today."

I shook my head. "No. Just walk away. Plausible deniability when you come down
on me for breaking the agreement you have with the rest of the community."

"And who the fuck will hear my plea?" Armande asked with venom in his voice.

I grinned, "I would. But I'm sure Il Cane will listen as well. Or the Venatori.
I'm sure they'd love to get me on some little bullshit charge and put me to
death for it."

Armande grinned and looked thoughtful for a moment then laughed, "You play a
dirty game, Nox

Sétanta. I will deny that I saw you at all this day. Open the door. I want to
know why the boy is seeking sanctuary from vampires."

I nodded. "You never saw me." I said with a grin as I wove a thin slice of air
and picked the locking mechanism as if I had the key. "Stay outside the room.
I'll tell you what I see."

Armande laughed, "Are you afraid I'm going to knock something over?"

"Actually, yes." I confirmed.bted I wanted
to stay that way. The kids all gasped and gaped and a few of them tapped the kid
in front of them who weren't looking. One little girl looked at me and then at
her friend, "I can do that." She took the brown lock of her hair and twirled it
in around her finger and the end magically turned purple. "See. It's not so
special."

I laughed, but it was cut short when their teacher turned around, "Cassidy, stop
fooling around, you aren't supposed to touch the elements without your teacher.
You know this." The little girl sighed and when her teacher turned around the
little girl stuck her tongue out at me. *You got me in trouble, meanie*. A stray
thought permated my head and it wasn't my own.

Fuck! A telepath, at that age, well and Magnus who used her power for little
things - rare on all fronts.

"She's loud." Alex said as they rounded a corner and we kept going straight down
the hall towards the nursery.

"What do you mean?"

"I heard what she sent you."

"Do you think she meant for you to hear?"

Alex shook his head, "No it had the flavor of being a targeted send, like it was
meant for you and only you. But she hit me too. She needs some lessons."

I nodded, "She's here, she'll get it. Though to have such strong telepathy at
her age is rare. Having such fine control of her other gifts at that age even
rarer."

"I bet you had it."

I shook my head. "No. I caught things on fire at her age."

"So where is this kid?" Alex asked changing the subject.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE4Mzg0NjQ5MTksMjQwMDI5NjU0XX0=
-->