#  Things That Go Boom!

I pushed the door open and the smell of fertilizerScene BreakThe Dragon Boy

 didn't exactly know where Drake was. We went down to the front desk and Isked the woman sitting there. "Hi. Yesterday, last night actually, I brought in dragon and other foreign things hit
me in the face so hard I took a step backwards like I'd been bson. I was wondering if you could tell me where her son was.'d like to check on him before I go up and see where things are with hisother

he woman looked up at me and frowlned over by the
smell alo. "You have to stop bring in strays?" Sheooked at Alex with a frown.

 grin and other foreign things hit
me in the face so hard I took a step backwards like I'd been bowled over by the
smell aloned. This wasn't good. I stepped inside and looked for anything out of
the ordinary. I saw no new items. It all looked like a normal apartment until
you looked on th"He's not a stray. Though I could keep him."

he woman's cheeks grew a little rosy and she looked away from Alex to heromputer. "The boy is in a detainment room." She looked at me then frowned andtarted to point the direction.

I know where kitchen table.

The table in the middle of the kitchen was littered with papers and circuit
boards. There were chemical bottles and empty plastic bags. From the smell of it
there was a lot of fertilizer in this small space recently. Nitrates go boom.
Circuit boards, flammable chemicals. He was building a bomb or many if my guess
was right.

"Armande, do you have any is. Spent enough time there." I said.

e walked in the direction she had pointed and we walked to the detention centerhich was also on the same level as the lower grades. "Detainment, they make himound dangerous."

He is in a way." I said. There was only one orange door closed in the corridor.he doors changed with the runes applied typically but these rooms were allesignated as fire safe. "He's half dragon, he could be in a detention room forhat alone. I spent the first three days of my life in the Venatori in one ofhose rooms, then spend three months when I was six in one. The orange doorndicates he's a fire starter."

 opened the door and the sight inside broke my heart. The boy was curled up onhe on call that knows anything about bombs?"

"What?" He asked stepping inside the room. I heard the vampire take a deep
breathe, vampires didn't have to breathe so that was a big deal. "Fertilizer? He
was making bombs in my building?" The fury that coursed through the vampfloor in the corner. He looked up tears streaming down his face and when heaw me, he ran to me and wrapped his arms around my legs. "Hey little man."

Why's he locked up alone?"

They don't know what to do with him" I picked him up, "Do they Drake?" Heurled around me like he had before. "Drake, this is Alex. Alex, Drake."

rake blinked orange eyes at Alex and I was glad Alex didn't make a big dealbout it instead he ran his fingers through the boys short golden hair. "Ihought it'd feel different."

It's just hair" Drake giggled.

lex said. "I wish my hair was that color."

I can fix that." I said and reached up to run my fingers through Alex's hair.e as
he swjerked away from me which made me smile. "I didn't do it."

e lone on call that knows anything about bombs?"

"What?" He asked stepping inside the room. I heard the vampire take a deep
breathe, vampires didn't have to breathe so that was a big deal. "Fertilizer? He
was making bombs in my building?" The fury that coursed through the vampire as
he swoopked around the apartment looking for tt Drake and asked, "Did he? I trust you." He glared at me with alayful smirk on his lips. Fuck I wanted to kiss him again.

rake shook his head. "Still bwack." He reached up and touched missing dragon. Armande growled
as he stopped next to me, "I will kill him myself."

I shrugged. "y hair. "Nothis

You don't like it" I asked. Drake shook his head. I looked at Alex.

You heard him." He smirked at me.

 nodded in the direction we'd come with the boy on my hip. I looked at Alex,So what color would you like it?"

I wdhe missing dragon. Armande growled
as he stopped next to me, "I will kill him myself."

I shrugged. "I won't get in your way but I need to talk to him first. I need to
know what's going on with the rest of the Last Phoenix.

He growled and it echoed through the apartment. "There is a map of New York City
on the table here. I'm going to take it and samples of the things I can find.
Maybe someone with better knowledge can tell me the power of them. And the map
is marked up. Need to look at it better but someplace a little more comforting
this smell is going to make me hurl."

Armande laughed. "Are you always so crude?"

I grinned. "It made you laugh."

He smiled. "I owe you, my friend."

"I thought no onknow, can you make it look flames?" Alex asked.

 had to let go of Alex's hand to do it the fun way so I just did it without theffect, like I did in the mirror. Flames were easy, the reds, oranges andellows with only a few stray blues. Drake laughed and Alex looked at me like head seen a ghost.

I can change it." I told Alex.

e blinked at me and then smirked, "Fuck no, it looks great." he slid his armround my waist and we walked to the front desk. "Barbara, we are taking him toee his mom."

 hadn't told Alex that what I was planning on doing, but he'd read my mind.ometimes it was great not having to say everything - sometimes it wasnnerving. Right now it was a good feeling. I liked having Alex in my head.

What are we going to do once he gets to his mom?" Alex asked.

I expect we'll have to bring him back down, but it'll show her he's stilllive, let him spend some time with his mom. I'll figure out what is going onith his mom maybe even who she's working for and what is going on."

What do you think is going on?" Alex asked.

Well dragons around the world bearing the Last Phoenix mark are revealinghemselves, testing us I bet. And the bank job wasn't a typical one, dragon'son't go for money - she did something to the computer. But there whas friends with me."

Armande chuckled. "I always want sometto be moreo it

Why?" Alex asked as we got in the plate glass elevator Or started to and Alexooked at me with a concerned look. "You going to be alright?"

 nodded. "Yeah. It's only a few floors. But because dragons don't just dohings from you, Nox. Don't forget it. But I
owe you."

I nodded. "Understood. Armande. So much for leaving without my presence being
noticed. I need you to post a watch. If the draor nothing. They collect things, they don't want money."

Any leads?" Alex asked as we stepped out on to the platform out of thelevator. He put his arm around my waist and tickled Drake's belly on the otheride

Just the dragon sitting in that room." I nodded towards the fishbowl. "Let meake him in, do you want to gon who isith or staying out here, or
anyone for that mat?" I looked at Alex with amile. He could do what he wane was friends with me."

Armande chuckled. "I always want something from you, Nox. Don't forget it. But I
owe you."

I nodded. "Understood. Armande. So much for leaving without my presence being
noticed. I need you to post a watch. If the dragon who is staying here, or
anyone for that matterd, comes here I need you call me."

Armande nodded. "Of course. I will put my most trusted eyes on the place. And I
will alert Il Cane of the dragon's transgressions before it blows back on us.
The council will have to make arrangements, or whatever it is they do when
vampires could be exposed."

"I'll make the Venatori aware of it as well so the could probably hear everything anyway.

I should go." Alex said.

 shook my head and pulled him closer with my free hand, a little boy wasetween us but I didn't want Alex to leave. "It won't take long, please stay."

lex looked at me like he was considering his options. "Only if you make me foodfterwards."

uck! Did I trust him enough to do that. My home…

lex had heard my thought, he frowned, "I'm gonna go, pretty boy." He was upset could hear it in his voice.

It's not that I don't want to Alex." I said softly.

I got it. You don't trust me. No problem. I'm gonna go." He pulled away andtarted walking towards the elevator.

Please Alex let me explain." I begged. I didn't reach out to grab him. If heeally wanted to go hey can use their powers that be
to aid."

"You know they hate that?"

I nodded. "I know. All the more reason to do it."

Armand chuckled as I rolled up the maps on from the table and put the samples
I'd taken from the table and around it and stuck it in a plastic grocould, but he stopped and didn't turn around. I started,I want to trust you. I need to trust you. But I can't…. " I shook my head. "Irust you not to hurt me. Please stay, let me show you."

lex turned around. "Show me what."

I'll tell you everything. Please, stay. Let me do this real quick and then I'mll yours. For the rest of the day let me show you what's wrong with me. Andhen if you want to go I'll understand." I was begging. I nevery bag
that was lying on the floor. This guy was not very neat. Thankfully I wasn't
staying long enough that it would make me crazy.egged andertainly not to get my way but I needed Alex to stay, him leaving now wouldean the end and I wasn't ready for the end. We'd only just begun.

lex sighed. "I’ll stay. I still want food."

 nodded with a grin, "Of course." I waved. "Drake say bye to Alex. We're gonnaee your mom now alright?"

e nodded and giggled with a wave at Alex, "Bye, Awex. See you soon."

 grinned. I hoped he would see him soon.

!--stackedit_data:yJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTIwMDI4OTkzMThdfQ==->y can use their powers that be
to aid."

"You know they hate that?"

I nodded. "I know. All the more reason to do it."

Armand chuckled as I rolled up the maps on from the table and put the samples
I'd taken from the table and around it and stuck it in a plastic grocery bag
that was lying on the floor. This guy was not very neat. Thankfully I wasn't
staying long enough that it would make me crazy.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE4MTU5NTM4ODEsMTkxOTc2MDc5NF19
-->