#  Cleaning Up Your Mess

I parted ways with Armande. He promised toScene BreakNegotiations

 carried Drake into the fishbowl and Alex waited outside. He could have scomeone on the door as soon as
they arrived. Until inut the fact that time he was having the cameras monitored and the ward
that sensed me comingstaying was all I cared about. His mother looked up and set Drake on the table and he crawled across int to their most sensitive setting. It was funny how much
magic and technology matched each other. It really was no wonder Sage was able
to do what r. It was sweet and cutend they hugged which made me smile as I sat down. "How are they treating you?" aske

As I expected Venatori to. I'm starving and thirsty and all they did. There migho is talk -ever listen."

 sighed. "Lehe did. There might bme do some theorying about that. But that was for
someone other than me.

The walk back to the AU building was disquieting. There were potential bombs all
over the City. It made me remember when the Twin Towers fell. I was nine. And it
was one of the scariest moments of my childhood. It was four miles as the crow
flies from where we were when the first plane crashed into the north tower"

 called down to the cafeteria. The kid on the other end answered. "How can weelp you?"

I'd like to order whatever you have on special today, some lemonade a bottle ofatorade and a bottle of water."

Who should we bill? And where do you want it delivered?"

The fishbowl and bill it to Nox Sétanta."

he man on the other side scoffed, "You feeding another one of your prisonersheir last meals?"

Something like that. Can you bring it up?"

Of course Mr. Sétanta. It'll be about ten minutes."

Thank you." I said as I hung up the phone. I turned to the woman. "My name isox. What can I call you? Your food will be here in about ten minutes."

he nodded. "The
explosion echoed across my memories. The news erupted with the information. The
chaos that was outside was beyond comparable.

Fifteen minutes later the second plane crashed into the South tower. The teacher
lost control of the classrooms and everyone was plastered to the windows looking
for another plane.

And then the worst possible thing happened an hour later, the South tower
collapsed. The City was in mass chaos. The debris alone devastated the city. But
the first responders were everywhere. The City had never banded together so
strong as they had that dayank you. I don't want to give you my name. It doesn't matter."

 sighed. "Fine. But you need to talk to me or things might go badly."

Are you threatening a dying woman?" She asked.

 shook my head. "No. You already know you are dead. Your son doesn't. And yourusband might benefit from whatever you can share with us. I know the Lasthoenix is up to something. Tell me something - anything and I'll make sure youron has the best life possible."

You mean for a dragon in captivity?"

gain i shook my head. "No, ma'am. I mean the best life possible. I willersonally see to his safety and well being."

Why would you do that?"

Because I need the information and I don't like seeing kids growing up withoutomeone to love them unconditionally."

But he's half dragon. You're Feras."

 laughed. "I'm half human too. I know what it's like to straddle both worlds.nd he's likely going to be strong in fire." I held my palm out and formed alame on it. It didn't realize it at the time, I was nine. But
everyone was affected - human, supernatural alike. The wolves helped the
vampires. The vampires helped the humans. Everyone helps everyone. It didn't
matter what you were. Our home was under attack and everyoanced in the well light room capturing the attention of theittle boy. He giggled and held out his hand and did the same. I smiled. "Goodob." Then looked at his mother, "Who better to teach him?"

Why?"

Because you are going to help me."

he door to the room opened and I smelled cinnamon and vanilla and turned was working for the
greater cause.

Mith aright smile on my face. "Dorian. What do I owe this pleasure?"

e hand several other students had snuck away from class and were sitting on the
roof watching what we ced me a form and slide one across the table. "Dae'lin told me about theituation. I had papers of adoption drawn up. I figured y. The
explosion echoed across my memories. The news erupted with the information. The
chaos that was outside was beyond comparable.

Fifteen minutes later the second plane crashed into the South tower. The teacher
lost control of the classrooms and everyone was plastered to the windows looking
for another plane.

And then the worst possible thing happened an hour later, the South tower
collapsed. The City was in mass chaos. The debris alone devastated the city. But
the first responders were everywhere. The City had never banded together so
strong as they had that day. I didn't realize it at the time, I was nine. But
everyone was affected - human, supernatural alike. The wolves helped the
vampires. The vampires helped the humans. Everyone helps everyone. It didn't
matter what you were. Our home was under attack and everyone was working for the
greater cause.

Me and several other students had snuck away from class and were sitting on the
roof watching what we coul'd snee from across the miles. We watched the second
tower collapse. The roar was deafening to my ears. It had been a devastating
mess.

There was no fucking way I was going to let this dragon do that to this City
again. We had to find the bombs and disarm them in time. I picked up my pace and
sprinted up the stairs to HQ.

There was someone in Dae'lin's office when I barged in. "Excuse me, Nox."
Dae'lin growled.

"Sorry." I looked at the occupant and was about to apologize to them
specifically but then I saw it was Anabel Dowager - the legal on this particular
case anyway. I gave her a bright smile, "Good, you can hear this too." I set the
bag of samples on Dae'lin's desk and unrolled the city plans. "I tracked one of
the numbers I retrieved and found this." I tapped the map. "I found fragments of
circuits and fertilizer and other chemicals. This dragon was building bombs. And
from the looks of it he's got a series of places marked on the map. We need to
disable them as soon as possible."

Dae'lin's face had gone pale but she looked at Ms. Dowager with a completely
satisfied face. I bet they had been talking about me and how I was still working
on the case. Ms. Dowager was standing staring at the maps. She grabbed them and
flipped them so she could see them. "I'll get someone on this."

Anabel started to take the maps and items from Dae'lin's desk but Dae'lin placed
her hand in the middle of it. "I think, your people will come up here to the
fish bowl and Nox will head it up."

I looked at Dae'lin and blinked. "He found the problem it's his case, you were
just telling me his continued investigation was not worth while. Bombs are in my
eyes worth the while."

Anabel hurumped and dropped the map and the bag of samples. "Actually, Ms.
Dowager." I said. The woman turned her head to look at me with a scowl maring
her pretty face. "I could use some assistance getting these samples analyzed and
the scraps of plans I found so maybe we can figure out what we are dealing
with."

Her smile brightened only a little as she snatched the bag from my hands. "I
will get on that. Harvard and Moore and whatever you other hunters you need are
at your disposal Mr. Sétanta."

"It's Nox, ma'am. And thank you." I said but she was already walking away.

I smirked as I turned to look at Dae'lin. "What was that about?"

"You know. The same old, same old. Your investigations costing us money. Your
marks costing us money. Your trials costing us money."

I laughed. "Well then I guess I came barging in at the right time?"

"Fortunately for you and me yes."

I nodded. "Thank you Dae'lin."

"For what Nox? I'm just doing my job."

"For believing in me."

She raised a fist. "Boy, I'll." She smiled and relaxed, "You are usually right.
I've learned to trust your instincts, Nox. You make a lot of trouble, but that
trouble usually doesn't come back to bite me in the ass. Unlike a certain elder
who I won't name names."

"Are you talking about my father?" I asked.

"I said I wasn't going to name names." But I knew she meant my father.
d them."

 smirked at him, "Perfect timing, as usual. Thank you?"

e nodded outside of the room, "Your friend?"

 nodded. "Yes. Alex."

orian grinned at me. "Margo mentioned him in her notes. Do you mind if I have ahat with him?"

 shrugged. "Be my guest. Keep him company while I'm busy."

I will do my best." Dorian said as he slid out the door and I assumed he headedowards Alex, but i didn't turn around to see.

Have you looked at the papers?" i asked.

he nodded. "Why would you do this?"

No kid should live like I did. Human, Venatori, Dragon, it doesn't matter toe. I'll do what I can to make him feel loved."

He already trusts you." She sighed, "What do you want to know?"

What's your name?" I asked

he dragon shook her head and the golden strands fell like hair around herhoulders. Such an odd thing for apparent metal to do. She sighed as sheelented. "My name is Naomi Pierce, my husband is Gordon and you've already metrake, my son."

A pleasure Naomi. I'd like to help the three of you out, but I neednformation."

I'll tell you whatever you need to know." She said. "As long as you promise meou'll take care of my son."

I promise." I grinned at her and took the papers in front of her and signed myame. "I'll personally see to it he has a good life."

he stared at my signature. When she looked up there were tears in her eyes, "Ion't know what the Dragon wants. I only know what he wanted me to do."

You know the Dragon personally?" I asked.

he shook her head. "No. I've never met him. I was recruited young, I rebelledgainst my parents and… joined the opposing faction."

 smirked. I could totally understand that. "So he's not giving you ordersirectly?" She shook her head, "Who's talking to you then?"

I don't know. I have his number he's a werewolf. Short scrawny guy, big nose,inda looks like a rat."

I want his number. What did the Dragon want you to do?"

aomi looked outside the walls and stared, then back at me after several longinutes. "He wanted me to expose myself and while doing so implate the bankystem with some kind of code. All we had to do was stick the stick in theomputer and it would do the rest."

Do you still have that stick?"

aomi nodded. "It's in the safe at our apartment."

What's the combination?" I asked.

5-35-23". She sighed, "The number you want is in my cell phone, it's the onlynknown number on the call list. That's all I know. I swear. You promise to keeprake safe?"

 looked at the little boy curled up in his mom's lap. "I do. I'll take care ofim. He'll have to stay here until it's official. I'm sure they'll want to cleart with the Dragon Council. I get he's a half dragon. But he's under myrotection now, they'll have to go through me to get him. He'll also need totay in a special room until they are certain he's not a danger to the building.hey don't trust fire starter potential. And he's half dragon."

he frowned. "Whatever as long as you keep him safe."

I promise to do that. Your food should be here any minute now and I'm going toeave Drake with you. Dorian or someone else will come collect him after I tellhem where he is. It might take a couple hours."

he smiled brightly at me and I grinned. "I'm sure they have more questions. So need you to talk to them. This will make it all go so much quicker and theyight be good with you keeping your son with you for as long as possible. I'llee what I can do, if you talk to them."

he nodded as i stood up. "I'll tell them whatever they ask."

Thank you." I said as I slipped out the door and waved at Alex to join me as Itepped into the doorway of Dae'lin's office. "Dae'lin." She looked up from heromputer with a frown. "I'm leaving the boy with his mom. Give them a few hourshen take him back down to the Academy. If she talks, see about getting him topend the night with her instead of in the fire rooms. He's three he was cryingn the corner when we got there."

ae'lin's frown deepened as she saw Alex. I grinned at her, "Alex this isae'lin, my boss and my former mentor, the only other woman who gives a fuckbout me."

ae'lin rolled her eyes. "A pleasure I'm sure." She looked at me, "I'll do myest, Nox. You know Gary doesn't like it when you bring them back alive. She'soing to be dead with in the week if the Dragon Council doesn't step in and theoy's going with them."

No he's not. There should be signed adoption papers. Dorian got all theaperwork to do it right. You might need to clear it with the Council but Dorianill file it regardless of what you and they say. He's mine - in a very shorthile

he growled and I tapped Alex on the shoulder. "Later Dae'lin. Oh, and I wanter cell phone. I need it asap. Have it dropped off at my apartment."

Bossy, bossy!" She sighed. "I'll see that it gets done."

Thank you, Dae'lin. I appreciate it." I grinned at her.

Yeah, yeah. Go waste your smile on someone else." She said as I left.

 looked at Alex with a brighter smile. "I'm all yours."

!--stackedit_data:yJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTc4OTc2ODU1M119->
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTMyNjA2NDE2NCwyODEzODg4ODZdfQ==
-->