#  Cleaning Up Your Mess

I parted ways with Armande. He promised to have someone on the door as soon as
they arrived. Until that time he was having the cameras monitored and the ward
that sensed me coming in to their most sensitive setting. It was funny how much
magic and technology matched each other. It really was no wonder Sage was able
to do what he did. There might be some theory about that. But that was for
someone other than me.

The walk back to the AU building was disquieting. There were potential bombs all
over the City. It made me remember when the Twin Towers fell. I was nine. And it
was one of the scariest moments of my childhood. It was four miles as the crow
flies from where we were when the first plane crashed into the north tower. The
explosion echoed across my memories. The news erupted with the information. The
chaos that was outside was beyond comparable.

Fifteen minutes later the second plane crashed into the South tower. The teacher
lost control of the classrooms and everyone was plastered to the windows looking
for another plane.

And then the worst possible thing happened an hour later, the South tower
collapsed. The City was in mass chaos. The debris alone devastated the city. But
the first responders were everywhere. The City had never banded together so
strong as they had that day. I didn't realize it at the time, I was nine. But
everyone was affected - human, supernatural alike. The wolves helped the
vampires. The vampires helped the humans. Everyone helps everyone. It didn't
matter what you were. Our home was under attack and everyone was working for the
greater cause.

Me and several other students had snuck away from class and were sitting on the
roof watching what we could see from across the miles. We watched the second
tower collapse. The roar was deafening to my ears. It had been a devastating
mess.

There was no fucking way I was going to let this dragon do that to this City
again. We had to find the bombs and disarm them in time. I picked up my pace and
sprinted up the stairs to HQ.

There was someone in Dae'lin's office when I barged in. "Excuse me, Nox."
Dae'lin growled.

"Sorry." I looked at the occupant and was about to apologize to them
specifically but then I saw it was Anabel Dowager - the legal on this particular
case anyway. I gave her a bright smile, "Good, you can hear this too." I set the
bag of samples on Dae'lin's desk and unrolled the city plans. "I tracked one of
the numbers I retrieved and found this." I tapped the map. "I found fragments of
circuits and fertilizer and other chemicals. This dragon was building bombs. And
from the looks of it he's got a series of places marked on the map. We need to
disable them as soon as possible."

Dae'lin's face had gone pale but she looked at Ms. Dowager with a completely
satisfied face. I bet they had been talking about me and how I was still working
on the case. Ms. Dowager was standing staring at the maps. She grabbed them and
flipped them so she could see them. "I'll get someone on this."

Anabel started to take the maps and items from Dae'lin's desk but Dae'lin placed
her hand in the middle of it. "I think, your people will come up here to the
fish bowl and Nox will head it up."

I looked at Dae'lin and blinked. "He found the problem it's his case, you were
just telling me his continued investigation was not worth while. Bombs are in my
eyes worth the while."

Anabel hurumped and dropped the map and the bag of samples. "Actually, Ms.
Dowager." I said. The woman turned her head to look at me with a scowl maring
her pretty face. "I could use some assistance getting these samples analyzed and
the scraps of plans I found so maybe we can figure out what we are dealing
with."

Her smile brightened only a little as she snatched the bag from my hands. "I
will get on that. Harvard and Moore and whatever you other hunters you need are
at your disposal Mr. SÃ©tanta."

"It's Nox, ma'am. And thank you." I said but she was already walking away.

I smirked as I turned to look at Dae'lin. "What was that about?"

"You know. The same old, same old. Your investigations costing us money. Your
marks costing us money. Your trials costing us money."

I laughed. "Well then I guess I came barging in at the right time?"

"Fortunately for you and me yes."

I nodded. "Thank you Dae'lin."

"For what Nox? I'm just doing my job."

"For believing in me."

She raised a fist. "Boy, I'll." She smiled and relaxed, "You are usually right.
I've learned to trust your instincts, Nox. You make a lot of trouble, but that
trouble usually doesn't come back to bite me in the ass. Unlike a certain elder
who I won't name names."

"Are you talking about my father?" I asked.

"I said I wasn't going to name names." But I knew she meant my father.

