#  Hacking the System

I took my maps and laid them out on the table in the fishbowl. I started looking
up the locations on my phone to see what the locations were. The satellite view
was an epic invention. Sure they could be years old but at least you had a good
idea of what was there. And usually they were kept mostly up to date.

I quickly created blue ink and my makeshift quill. Real pens were a little more
difficult to make since it had parts and pieces. It wasn't one think like this.
Ink on a stick, except I kept the tip 'flooded' with ink as I wrote magically.
Pencil lead was easier, but I didn't want it to smear when someone rolled it up.

Simon Harvard and Walker Moore strolled into the conference room and looked down
at the map. "Our boss says we are under your watchful eye." Simon sneered at me.

Walker just sat down and turned one of the maps. "What we looking at."

I smirked at him, "A map of the city."

He looked up with a grin. "Well duh. But what for?"

"It looks like our bomber marked places on the map. Figuring out what they are
then we need to find the bombs, or him. He wasn't at the place I found all
this."

Walker nodded and looked at the maps on the table. It looked like random places
to me. I wasn't an analyst for this sort of thing. But the patterns were there.
I was just missing a bit of information. I didn't know what it was though.

Simon started looking at the maps too. He didn't say anything more. I could
almost see something.

The three of us stared at the maps and tried to find the pattern to figure out
the situation. Simon pushed the map away from him. "Why don't we just search the
areas that are marked? See what's there."

I shrugged. "I guess you could. But we don't know where to look, or even what we
are looking for. At least wait for Anabel's guys to figure out what we have on
our hands and then we can go. It's not going to do us any good if we don't know
what we are looking for."

Walker laughed. "It could be anything. A suitcase, a garbage bin. It could be on
a person. Nox is right. We can't go off half cocked. We might get blown to bits.
And I personally like my bits still attached."

I smirked. "But.." I said. "Let me make a call."

I stepped out of the room. I left HQ all together. I didn't want to call Sage in
front of anyone. I stepped into the stairwell and dialed my friends number. He
picked up, "Hey Nox. Tell me you can't figure out what that program is doing?"

I laughed. "No I need another favor. I need to access street cameras around the
City."

"The Venatori will front this bill, so you bill me your time and energy and
you'll get paid."

"So not a favor, a job." Sage said.

"Yeah, is that alright?"

Sage tapped the phone. "I guess. Do you need me there?"

I shook my head but he couldn't see it. "Nah, I don't want to give up my hacker.
If you can send the cameras to my laptop that would be great."

"Alright, Nox. I don't come cheap."

I laughed. "I know, I'll pay your worth."

"Set up your laptop and make sure you have internet access and I'll do the work
from there, and you'll have always on access if you need it again."

"You don't have to do that." I said.

"Of course I do. It'll be a revolving door always changing. I already have the
program you can use it anytime. But I know you have your laptop on your person
right now and it's not on. So go turn it on and let me work."

"Alright, alright. Thanks man."

"No problem Nox. Can I ask what this is for?"

I sighed, "One of my dragon's has bombs and red ex's marked on a map. I'm pretty
sure they aren't where treasure is buried."

Sage and I signed off and I headed back into the fishbowl. Sage was right my
laptop was still slung over my shoulder where it had been all day. Not having my
room here in the building was paying a price. And I couldn't see myself with a
desk and a computer in the office. I liked being mobile and keeping my work with
me.

I pulled the computer from my bag and set it up and with in moments I saw a
little message flick up on the screen.

The Wicked Truth: Hey Babe, wanna cyber?

It made me laugh out loud as I typed a reply.

N: Let's get busy.

I didn't see anything happening on my screen but it didn't matter.

Walker came and stood behind me, "Whatcha doing?"

"Getting the camera feeds from around the city." I said flatly.

"Are you talking to the computer magically?" he asked.

I guffawed. "No, I have a hacker in my computer."

Simon shot up out of his seat. "Why in the fuck would you let a hacker into your
computer?" He started for the door like he was going to tattle-tell.

"Well considering he bought the laptop and gave it to me for free food and
cooking. I'm thinking he can do whatever he wants." I said with a smirk.
"Besides, he's not going to hack into the Venatori cause you guys don't even
have wireless inside. He's coming in through my phone's hotspot."

Simon looked at me blankly but Walker was nodding. "I have one of those. A cell
phone - a hotspot? I don't think I have that. It's nice having everything all in
one place."

Very shortly after a screen popped up with a map of the City and various pin
points that I could call up feeds from. A single message was sent.

The Wicked Truth: Bill will be in the mail! Next time I'll be rougher.

N: Not too hard, baby. I don't want to break.

I was chuckling silently to myself. It looked bad. From every angle. But
everything in there was talking about the money. Sage said he'd given me a break
but next time he'd charge more. He enjoyed his voyeuristic terms and he was
probably watching me laugh at him.
Scene BreakNothing But the Truth

e got to the stairwell and started climbing up to my apartment. It wasn't tooany floors. Alex didn't say anything when I started up. So I kept going. Weere alone and he asked, "So you really are going to adopt him? How long do youhink that will take?"

Officially, as soon as she signs the paperwork I could take him by Venatoriaw. By human law it'll take a little while to file the paperwork as the parentsre both still living and have to sign some forfeiture of rights or something.hey'll then disappear in the system and no one will be the wiser unless you digeep

You have hackers to do that?"

 shook my head. "No. It's all on the up and up. We have people to do the job.t's illegal in terms of we shouldn't be doing it, but we aren't hacking intoystems or doing things the wrong way."

lex laughed, "You're entire race is a hypocrite! Breaking human laws."

 grinned. "The difference is, we don't get caught doing it." I sighed, "Thenly time the supernatural pose a problem is when they start revealing ourature to the humans. When that happens things need to stop. Murdering peopleecause you were hungry isn't an excuse. But the fledgling can also be trainednd taught to behave. They shouldn't be destroyed because they made a few badistakes."

You really believe that?"

I do. We all make mistakes. Il Cane straight out of her training slaughtered anntire village of people because she was hungry. Her sires didn't feed herroperly. Expected she knew how to feed. But she didn't. She's clinical in herwn right, much like I have my issues she has an entirely different set of them.he biggest being lack of empathy. You'd call it a sociopath. Cari Giovanni wasn assassin, a prostitute and a thief before she became a vampire. She wasaised by a psychopath who put her into that state of mind. And the blood lusthe had as an assassin only grew worse with her embrace. She was hungry didn'tnow better. She's still a sociopath but hasn't killed any humans since thenxcept one, but she turned him, so not really a bad thing since it was to saveis life. But that's another story."

 opened the door to the landing and we walked down the hall. "So yeah, if theiggest, baddest of the supernatural world can get a reprieve, howevernintended it may have been and come back a better person for it, everyoneeserves that chance."

I don't know what to say about all that. Holy fuck, comes to mind the most."lex said as I pushed open my door.

 shrugged and ushered Alex into my apartment. Talking about Il Cane had reducedome of my anxiety about letting Alex back into my safety zone. But I hadromised him food and the truth. I headed for the kitchen area first, "Somethingo drink?" I asked.

Am I going to need something stiff or will coffee or water be fine?" He askedith a smirk on his face.

 couldn't help but smile at his innuendo and I bit my bottom lip. "Maybe aittle of both." I said as I started making two Irish coffees. It was one of myasy go to cocktails I actually drank with my father. Though I rarely kept theooze in my apartment, but Alex had remedied that the last time he had gonehopping with me.

lex sat down on the couch and flipped through the magazine on the table. "Youead any of these?"

 shook my head as I sat down next to him bearing his cup and mine. "No. I thinkorian or Sage bought them." Alex was flipping through one, he held up the covero me - Glamour. "That would be Mia. The whole gay best friend thing."

You didn't read it though?"

 shook my head. "They are for my guests who find my lack of a TV annoying."

lex looked at me and put the magazine down. "It's not annoying, it's unusual."

 shrugged. "I don't watch it, no point in it when it would just hang on theall unused." I took a sip of my coffee and wrapped both hands around the warmomforting cup. "So… everything."

I have a question first." Alex interrupted. "What's that packet on your bar?ooks like the packet Dorian gave you for Drake? Your copy? Already?"

 glanced back to see what he was referencing and I shook my head. "No that'sousing papers. There are a lot more people moving back into the building we areunning out of space. They are offering double stipends on those who would moveff campus into the human world."

And Dorian thinks you should?" Alex asked as he got up and grabbed the packetf information and sat down and pulled all the information out of the envelope. saw a few documents, I actually saw more than I expected, the monetary valuef my pay had gone up substantially and the place they were suggesting was farigger than what I had.

lex whistled. "That's a nice place, three bedrooms, a balcony, away from the AUuilding. I'm betting that's a hint."

So you think I should do it?"

lex smirked. "Pretty boy, this place is fucked up, so yeah. If you can get theell outta Dodge, then do it." He shoved a piece of paper over to me, "It looksike all you have to do is sign it."

Everyone thinks it's a good idea." I sighed.

You don't?"

 laughed. "Sure, it's a great idea. I don't have to follow Venatori rules, myriends would be more comfortable." I looked pointedly at him to make my point,It's a great idea in theory. But I know me. I don't cope well with change. Theove will upset the balance I have, it's not just my living arrangementshanging, it's the schedule change that will come with it, the extra space Iave to manage."

lex rolled his eyes and I knew it sounded like I was making excuses. But Iever backed down from a challenge and I quickly wove a writing implement intoy hand. It was just a basic ink pen with ink like an old quill. It would do theob as I signed my name neatly on the application. "I'm going to be a mess foreeks

lex grinned, "You’re already a mess, what's the difference."

Thanks." I said sarcastically.

No problem." He smirked back at me. "Alright, pretty boy, lay it on me."

 took a deep breath and stood up so I could walk over to my bed and grab theotebook lying underneath my pillow. I dropped it on the top of the magazinelex and been flipping through. "Every night since I was six years old I've hadne singular dream that I remember. I have notebooks full of drawings like that.very dream is always the same. Everynight the darkness forms, the fog rolls in,nd a pair of eyes stalks me. When I was younger, before I knew the rules, theemon, my demon would make me spread my legs, put my hands on an invisible wall.nd every night it would lay into my flesh with whips made of elements - fire,ater, earth and air. Each one sharp and meant to do more than flay the skin offy back. Sometimes the dreams manifest with my own power. That's why the scarsn my back. I do it to myself."

hile I spoke of the dream I made my way back to the bed and sat down on thedge and reached underneath and pulled out a plain box. I hadn't opened it in ahile. And I didn't really want to give Alex time to comment so I kept talking.

But after I graduated from the Academy, and on my first hunt I woke one nighto the realization that I'd been having other dreams. Ones that were eclipsed byhe nightmare. A trama so large that I didn't remember anything before it. Heaid I had been having them for the same time. But how could a figment of myreams be real? I don't know if he was, or if it was my mind playing tricks one. But I believed he was real then. I found this where he told me to.verything in there was his except the matchbook I threw in there. I was in loveith him. I didn't know his name. Fuck I didn't even know what he looked like.he two of you share the same eye color and I'm terrified that I'm projecting myeelings of him on to you and that in doing so you are going to get scared andun away."

But we said we'd met, he never showed up. And every night for two weeks when Iried to get to him in the dream, I got a nightmare. Instead of the red eyes,hey were blue. When the blue eyes come it's worse, because it happens twice. Soor years I did my best not to think about it. But no matter how many times Iush this box to the back, it always winds up back in the front and I stumblever it on Sunday morning. Which is why Ant started coming by Sunday evenings toull me out of my self sabotaging funk."

 pointed up to the camera plate that was the only thing left of the camera I'destroyed the last time Alex was here. "I installed the camera, to see if Iould figure out why my power kept being used against me. But it was a pointlessndeavor, you can't catch the invisible weaves, all we ever saw was my skinreaking open. And Sage did use it for other purposes, we had an agreement. Hean't stand to be touched, so his kink is watching others."

You let him watch you?"

 nodded and tried not to break eye contact, but I failed and was looking at theloor between us. "So you've never had sex with your friend?"

I didn't say that." I sighed and looked up. "I had sex with Sage once. I wasis first, his wife is the only other person he's ever allowed to touch him likehat. He wanted me to show him how to touch her. What it would be like becausee was terrified of it. I was safe. But I've slept with Mia and Jace countlessimes. But I haven't done that since well before I left the Academy. Mia was aexual deviant and she lead Sage and I down some pretty weird rabbit holes. But don't hang out with them much anymore. My friends now are more productive andt's not about sex."

So you've never slept with the vampire?"

 shook my head. "We came close once, when we first met. I remember he stoppede from finding his mother, and he bought me a drink and after Ryan left, he gotoo close to me. My power called to him, and his pheromones overpowered me. Iade him bite me and I wanted nothing more than to be fucked by him. But that'she call of the vampire, it's the reason vampires can feed off of humansillingly, because they can make it feel unfucking believable. Unlike mostampires like Ant, he can't control the lust he sheds when bites you. That partf his venom he's incapable of changing. He's cursed with it because he's notuite born vampire and he's no where close to an embraced vampire. He sits inhe middle unable to tip to one side or the other."

It was out of your control?" Alex asked.

It was. We stopped to go back to my room. And when we got there thoughts of myream guy made me backup. We didn't have sex. But it started a fucking greatriendship. Without Ant I'd never have survived the loss of the idea that I wasorth loving. That somewhere out there someone loved me. And then when he neverhowed up, I was close to doing stupid things. But Ant saved me."

If he hurt you so bad, why did you keep these things?" He asked, it soundedike he was almost sad. Or was it pity he felt?

 sighed. "I loved him. I still do sorta. But I don't, if he walked into myreams again and said I'm sorry I made a mistake, before, I might have saidkay. I forgive you. But now, now I've met you. And I know you don't love me,nd you might never get there, but it's real here. You're real. I can touch you. can remember you. You're real."

This is me. The darkest parts. My life is filled with danger and threats and'm a broken mess. But it's what I am, it doesn't define me, or stop me fromoing what I should. I don't have any secrets from you. Not now." I sighed andat back down on the couch and grabbed my cooled cup of coffee. I sent a littleeat towards it while i wrapped my hands around it again and sipped from the hotup. I needed some comfort after bearing my soul.

lex shoved all the papers in the envelope and stood up. My heart sank as heeaded for the door. He stopped and turned towards me, but I didn't turn to lookt him. "Come on. We're getting out of here. We'll drop this off and I'll giveou a taste of who I am."

!--stackedit_data:yJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTg0MTAxMTM2N119->
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE0NDU3OTc2NzFdfQ==
-->