#  It's Underground

I didn't waste time trying to explain Sage to the men who were now standing
behind me. I pulled up the cameras in the area of the first X I had looked at.
Nothing overly important in the area. It'd be simpler if we had more than one
set of eyes looking at one set of screens. But we had what we had and we'd
manage either way.

I still didn't know what we were looking for and neither did Simon or Walker but
we stared at the feeds in the area.

Walker pointed out the next one. "Here try this area." He gave me the address
and I pulled up the feeds in the area. There were atm cameras, and traffic
cameras. And some from shops too. Sage had given me more than what the cops see.
He hacked the city wide systems. Which made me wonder how many cameras Sage had
his eyes on. How many cell phones were tagged as interesting. My best friend was
a voyeur. He loved to watch - watching got him off. And it didn't really matter
what.

We walked through the areas with each camera and still nothing came to mind.

Simon gave me another location. I knew the area. It was near Sage's house in
Hell's Kitchen. He'd chosen the area specifically for the closeness to a subway
station, fiber optic internet he could hack into with ease. Which got me
thinking. "Can we get an overlay of the utilities running through the city?"

As I said it things happened on the screen. Walker jumped. "What the hell?"

I grinned. "The Wicked Truth is still listening. He does that from time to
time."

"Zoom out with the overlay." I said and things happened. I started reading out
locations and Sage marked them all on the map. It was kinda like magic, but I
had a voyeuristic hacker who was apparently interested in my case.

There was an X marked near the New York Stock Exchange, and several other high
profile locations. Not on them, but near them. All of them not in places that
didn't look like they could hide the the devices easily. "Can you put the subway
map on too?"

A laughing skull appeared on my screen and then the overlay happened. I think
Sage agreed with my assessment. Sure enough each of the marked Xs were in subway
tunnels. Every. Single. One. It seemed we were going down into the ground to
find dragons. Though I wasn't sure what we were looking for.

Simon was eager. "So when do we get to go?" he looked at me with a grimace,
"Boss man?"

"Do you know how to disarm a bomb?" I asked.

He shook his head. "Well, we need to get someone who does before we go down
there" I did a few little tricks I knew to send the maps to Walkers but Sage was
already doing that. He was too good. And it wasn't the first time I'd asked him
for tech help that the Venatori would pay him for. Just the first big case that
had other people working with me. "Walker should have the map now on his phone.
You need to call Anabel and see about what that bomb is made of, and find
someone who can disarm bombs. We have no idea how many of them there are." I
sighed, "I will contact the vampires and make sure they don't kill you while you
are down there."

Simon was walking out the door when he stopped and looked at me. "What?"

"The cursed vampires are controlled by their sires and the absence of one they
are controlled by the master of the underground. If he hasn't given them
instructions, they tend to feed on the humans who wander too far into their
territory. And since you don't know the underground you don't know where they
hide."

"Do you?" Simon retorted.

"No, but I'm not stupid enough to go into the tunnels without alerting the
vampires to my presence. And I don't have to travel through the tunnels if I
don't want to." I grinned at my statement as I put the phone to my ear.

Ant answered groggily, "What the fuck do you want?"

"The fact that you answered means you either didn't sleep yet, or you were
already awake."

"I was awake, it's fucking daylight though. What do you want?" Ant grouched at
me.

"Liaison."

"For who?"

"Bernstein. Seems my dragon has gone down into the underground."

"Fuck Nox. You owe me for this, I hate that guy."

"I know Ant, please. I need him not to kill any Venatori down there looking for
bombs."

On the other side of the phone it sounded like Ant had sat up quickly, "What?
Bombs?"

"The dragon I'm tracking is a bomb maker, the locations on a map in his
apartment are all subterranean in nature and I think he's planting or planted
them."

"Come to me, I'll take you to Bernstein then to these locations."

"Alright." I said and hung up. "I have to go talk to their leader, and then you
can go down. Start here." I pointed at the X farthest from us. "Then work your
way back in. That will give us enough time to make sure the vampires don't kill
you." I pointed a few blocks over. "This is the subway entrance that should get
you where you need to go.

Walker acknowledge me with a nod. "I'll call you before we enter the subway and
head into the tunnel."

"Sounds good. Make sure you take someone to disarm the bomb if you find it." I
said.

Simon asked, "You aren't going to ask us not to kill the dragon."

I shrugged. "You're call not mine. You are hard core, if you don't think
capturing him alive to tell us where all the bombs are and how many he's planted
is a bad idea, that's on you."

Walker escorted Simon out and I followed. It was going to be a long day I
thought to myself as I headed down the stairs to the street. I would be at the
Night Life building in about ten minutes at the pace I planned to set.

