#  It's Underground

I didn't waste time trying to explain Sage to the men who were now standing
behind me. I pulled up the cameras in the area of the first X I had looked at.
Nothing overly important in the area. It'd be simpler if we had more than one
set of eyes looking at one set of screens. But we had what we had and we'd
manage either way.

I still didn't know what we were looking for and neither did Simon or Walker but
we stared at the feeds in the area.

Walker pointed out the next one. "Here try this area." He gave me the address
and I pulled up the feeds in the area. There were atm cameras, and traffic
cameras. And some from shops too. Sage had given me more than what the cops see.
He hacked the city wide systems. Which made me wonder how many cameras Sage had
his eyes on. How many cell phones were tagged as interesting. My best friend was
a voyeur. He loved to watch - watching got him off. And it didn't really matter
what.

We walked through the areas with each camera and still nothing came to mind.

Simon gave me another location. I knew the area. It was near Sage's house in
Hell's Kitchen. He'd chosen the area specifically for the closeness to a subway
station, fiber optic internet he could hack into with ease. Which got me
thinking. "Can we get an overlay of the utilities running through the city?"

As I said it things happened on the screen. Walker jumped. "What the hell?"

I grinned. "The Wicked Truth is still listening. He does that from time to
time."

"Zoom out with the overlay." I said and things happened. I started reading out
locations and Sage marked them all on the map. It was kinda like magic, but I
had a voyeuristic hacker who was apparently interested in my case.

There was an X marked near the New York Stock Exchange, and several other high
profile locations. Not on them, but near them. All of them not in places that
didn't look like they could hide the the devices easily. "Can you put the subway
map on too?"

A laughing skull appeared on my screen and then the overlay happened. I think
Sage agreed with my assessment. Sure enough each of the marked Xs were in subway
tunnels. Every. Single. One. It seemed we were going down into the ground to
find dragons. Though I wasn't sure what we were looking for.

Simon was eager. "So when do we get to go?" he looked at me with a grimace,
"Boss man?"

"Do you know how to disarm a bomb?" I asked.

He shook his head. "Well, we need to get someone who does before we go down
there" I did a few little tricks I knew to send the maps to Walkers but Sage was
already doing that. He was too good. And it wasn't the first time I'd asked him
for tech help that the Venatori would pay him for. Just the first big case that
had other people working with me. "Walker should have the map now on his phone.
You need to call Anabel and see about what that bomb is made of, and find
someone who can disarm bombs. We have no idea how many of them there are." I
sighed, "I will contact the vampires and make sure they don't kill you while you
are down there."

Simon was walking out the door when he stopped and looked at me. "What?"

"The cursed vampires are controlled by their sires and the absence of one they
are controlled by the master of the underground. If he hasn't given them
instructions, they tend to feed on the humans who wander too far into their
territory. And since you don't know the underground you don't know where they
hide."

"Do you?" Simon retorted.

"No, but I'm not stupid enough to go into the tunnels without alerting the
vampires to my presence. And I don't have to travel through the tunnels if I
don't want to." I grinned at my statement as I put the phone to my ear.

Ant answered groggily, "What the fuck do you want?"

"The fact that you answered means you either didn't sleep yet, or you were
already awake."

"I was awake, it's fucking daylight though. What do you want?" Ant grouched at
me.

"Liaison."

"For who?"

"Bernstein. Seems my dragon has gone down into the underground."

"Fuck Nox. You owe me for this, I hate that guy."

"I know Ant, please. I need him not to kill any Venatori down there looking for
bombs."

On the other side of the phone it sounded like Ant had sat up quickly, "What?
Bombs?"

"The dragon I'm tracking is a bomb maker, the locations on a map in his
apartment are all subterranean in nature and I think he's planting or planted
them."

"Come to me, I'll take you to Bernstein then to these locations."

"Alright." I said and hung up. "I have to go talk to their leader, and then you
can go down. Start here." I pointed at the X farthest from us. "Then work your
way back in. That will give us enough time to make sure the vampires don't kill
you." I pointed a few blocks over. "This is the subway entrance that should get
you where you need to go.

Walker acknowledge me with a nod. "I'll call you before we enter the subway and
head into the tunnel."

"Sounds good. Make sure you take someone to disarm the bomb if you find it." I
said.

Simon asked, "You aren't going to ask us not to kill the dragon."

I shrugged. "You're call not mine. You are hard core, if you don't think
capturing him alive to tell us where all the bombs are and how many he's planted
is a bad idea, that's on you."

Walker escorted Simon out and I followed. It was going to be a long day I
thought to myself as I headed down the stairs to the street. I would be at the
Night Life building in about ten minutes at the pace I planned to set.
Scene BreakGroceries Round 3

 got up and took the two cups of unfinished coffee to the sink. Alex's eyesever leaving me as I set then inside dumping the contents down the drain. Hepoke softly, "Don't forget to feed the cat. You won't be home for a while and Ihink she'll get mad if you don't feed her."

 smirked, "Are you chatting with Fee?"

Maybe." he grinned back.

 got some leftover chicken and cut up pieces and set it on the bar in her spotith a saucer of milk and I hoped she'd get home before it spoiled. I looked atim, "Anything else I need to do?" It was meant as a joke.

nd he thankfully took it as such as he shook his head and the shoved the fallentrands out of his face. "Let's go. Tell me where to take this so we can get itone and over with."

Just need to drop it off with Dae'lin." I said.

So back down stairs." He nodded and headed for the stairwell. "I think Iemember the way."

 grinned and took his free hand and he yanked his fingers out of my grip andlide it around my waist. "Pretty boy, I'll catch you when you fall. I meantt."

 pressed a kiss to his cheek then broke apart as we headed down the stairs. Itasn't quite so easy to descend stairs attached at the hip. Though it might haveeen a challenge to try.

lex pretty much led the way the whole time. I wasn't surprised when he knockedn Dae'lin's door frame and stepped inside without being beckoned inside. Itasn't that he was being rude, just overly familiar like I had been. He droppedhe packet into her inbox. "Nox said he had to drop this off here." I stood inhe doorway watching him.

ae'lin looked up with a frown, then she glanced at the packet. "You got him toign

lex gave her a shrug "It didn't really take much." He said. "Was nice meetingou." He finished as he took my hand and tugged me out the door. Dae'lin's lookas one of shocked happiness from what I could tell as I followed with a shrugo answer her unasked question.

 followed him to the elevator and he smirked at me, "I'm not taking the stairsll the way down.".

e pulled me to the back of the elevators and I pressed my body against his.lex snaked his arms around my waist and I bit my bottom lip. "I'm okay.pecially if you hold me like this." I leaned against him and nuzzled his neck.e smelled wonderful, safe and like home. I could stay there forever. Alex couldt m

o much for being upset at him. He played me like a dude and I didn't care thate was, I rather enjoyed it.

he ground floor came much too fast and we were disembarking with the rest ofhe passengers. The lobby was filled with people and we walked out the frontoors and headed down the street better I asked, "Where we going?"

Grocery shopping. I found you have food to feed me there days in a row. And mylace has no food. But we have to make a stop after we get the groceries. I toldou I'd give you a taste of me."

 licked my lips at the innuendo. "I think I'd like that."

lex pulled me along the street and I held his hand loosely. I didn't want himo run away. He smiled. "So what do you want to make?" Alex asked to distract merom my thoughts.

I don't know what you like?" I grinned, "Short of pancakes and a well cookedteak

Surprise me?" He said.

You really want me to surprise you?"

You were taught by a three star Michelin chef. Dazzle me." Alex smirked.

Alright, then we are going the wrong way if I'm going to dazzle you."

lex let go of my hand shrugged with his arms and shoulders. "Lead the way,hef

e turned around, Alex sorta swinging me past him. It was childish but it madee smile. He was distracting me. We stopped at the butcher and picked up somehicken cutlets. The farmer's market was mostly dry by now but I managed to findhe decent tomatoes, onions and garlic. The rest would have to get at a grocerytory. "Is there a store close by where you live, so we don't have to carry itll to our next stop?"

lex nodded. "Yeah. That's where i was heading."

We can go to your stop then pick up the rest of the groceries."

Alright." He said and headed down the way we'd come.

t wasn't a long walk until we were going inside the Lincoln center and up inhe elevator. I wanted to ask why we were here but Alex would tell me when weeached our destination. I noted we got off on the 14th floor and Alex pulledis keys out and unlocked apartment S. Before he turned the knob, "This is notome. This is a place I use to pretend I have money."

Pretend?" I asked as he stepped inside and I saw the lavisous space inside. Ias suitably awed.

I mean I do have money but I don't like to live like this. This place is justoo much."

 laughed, "No offense, Alex, looks like the easter bunny vomited all over thelace

lex smirked, "Brent is fashionably gay."

 gave him a look as I set the items down by the door. "You are playing a gayuy? I mean it's not exactly a stretch but fashionably gay? You meantereotypical, pastels, clothing, shopping, the works?"

lex nodded. "Yeah. This is his place. A lot of money went into making it lookike easter buy vomit." He chuckled.

Sorry." I laughed. "Why would you waste money on it?"

It's mostly in rent. I had to make a few alterations and the clothing. I reallyant to burn that shit, but still working the case so..."

 nodded. I didn't want to pry. Alex wasn't me. He wasn't going to spew all theorey details and it was his business and really had little to do with me.

You can ask you know." Alex said as he showed me the elegant kitchen. Ihistle

You've never cooked here have you?"

lex shook his head, "No, and if I'm lucky neither will you."

 pouted. Alex laughed and pushed me up against the stone countertop in theiddle of the room. "I don't want to ruin it for the next person." He grinned ate, "I'm only here temporarily."

 nodded. "So you've never christened the house?" I cocked my head in ahallenge.

lex smirked at me and backed away. He lead me through the rest the apartmenttopping at his room last. It was the only room that smelled like him, a littleore fruity than usual. And I didn't mean gay, more citrus and less Alex. Likee was even trying to make it smell like him here. "You ready to go. I'm reallyungry

 nodded. "What no hanky panky in your room. You show it last and nothing?" Ioked as I walked out of the room first.

lex was chuckling behind me, and I swayed my hips a little which only made himaugh harder. "Fuck Nox, you keep it up and I'm going to be eating you forinner

 turned around and smirked, "Is that a challenge?"

lex growled and was pressing me against the wall when there was a knock and theoor squeaked silently before they called, "Brent?" It was a woman. Alexrowle

Fuck!" He whispered, "Stay here."

lex backed away from me and straightened his hair, he put on a fake smile andis walk changed. "Janice, darling, what are you doing here?"

We've been calling since last night where have you been?" I heard smacking ofips and groaned at the thought of the stupid fancy people and their stupidwkward greetings. I stayed pressed against the wall and listened from the hall.

he woman's high heels clicked on the wood floors as she waltzed into theitchen. If she turned around she'd see him standing there. Fuck!

lex sighed and wagged a finger in my direction beckoning me to come. I sighednd silently stood next to him while the woman poured herself a glass of wine.he turned and gasped. "I didn't know you had company." She looked at me as ifhe were appraising my worth. Here I was dressed in blue jeans, a sarcastic-shirt and a hoodie zipped half way up. My pants at least didn't have holes inhem. But then Alex was dressed similarly, I'd never seen him in anything buthat. The woman shook her head, "Slumming it Brent?"

 groaned and left Alex's side. "I'll wait for you downstairs." Alex grabbed myand, "No, Janice was leaving."

I just got here." She complained.

lex took her by the arm and dragged her to the door. "Janny, you were leaving."e lowered his voice though it wasn't meant to be a secret, "I can't get him ined with you hanging around."

anice chuckled. "You can just tell him what to do, he'll do whatever you say."he looked back at me, "I've seen some of the things.."

I don't care what you've seen or what you think you know about him, he's minentil I say otherwise, got it?' It felt like Alex should be pointing a finger ater but he had one hand jammed in his hair and the other was clutching at hisocket. Probably trying not to jam it through his hair too.

anice sighed loudly "Fine, but when you're done we..."

lex cut her off. "You're pushing your luck Janny. Time to go."

he sighed again. "Well... it was nice seeing you with your clothes on Nox." Shealked past me curling her finger around my hoodie string, "Though maybe youould take some style tips from Brent. Bye now darling, call me!" She sashayedut the door in her high heels and her fucking high horse attitude and when theoor closed behind her I froze.

You okay?" Alex asked.

 sighed. "Yeah. I think so."

You were with her weren't you?"

lex looked at me. "When?"

Before laser tag."

e nodded, "Yeah, why?"

 shook my head, "I just smelled her on you before, is all." Before Alex couldefend himself, "It's okay. I'm okay. I just wanted to know if it was her."

It was her, her current co-dom and their sub I was with. Lindsay was new and Ias making sure they took care of her. Things got carried away. I didn't haveex with then, they just..."

 shook my head. "I don't want to know, Alex. What Brent does, I don't want tonow." I closed my eyes, took a deep breath and then opened them. "Can we goow?" I asked, no I begged.

lex nodded. "Yeah."

!--stackedit_data:yJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTkwNTgwMDI3MF19->
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNDE3OTU5Mjg5XX0=
-->