#  Vampire Negotiations

I was wrong about the time it would take me to get to the Night Life building. I
made it in 8 instead of 10. A new best. The fate of my home at stake probably
had something to do with it. The doors to the elevator hadn't opened fully when
a hand reached in and grabbed me and tugged me down the hall. "Let's go." He
said.

But it wasn't Ant's voice. Ryan was back. Did that mean Cari was back? Was this
war? Shit!

Ryan chuckled, "Calm the fuck down man. Cari isn't here. Ant came and got me as
an emissary for Il Cane. More clout this way since I can speak for her in all
matters. Where as the son is not linked and all that."

I shook my head, "So you are being compelled?"

"To to them it looks that way. What human ever obeys a vampire of their own free
will?" Ryan asked.

"They don't know Cari's herd very well." I said flatly as Ryan tugged me into a
dark room.

He wrapped something around my eyes. "We can't have you puking your guts out
when we land. Take a deep breath, close your eyes and put your faith in Ant.
Trust the shadows."

"You are telling me this now? After five years?" I asked.

"Ant thinks it's amusing that the big bad Mors Praetor gets sick in the shadows.
But today is not a time for weakness. You must be strong." I could hear the
amusement in Ryan's voice. He thought it was funny too.

"Tell me why this is so different than usual?" I asked. "I'm always saving
someone or another when I ask favors."

Ant answered from the farthest corner. "Because, this time it isn't for an
individual. It's not even for the supernatural. This time Nox, it's official
Clandestine Providence business."

"Still no different." I shrugged.

Ant chuckled at me like I was some naive kid. I guess to him I was. He was eight
hundred and some odd years old I was still a baby compared to him. "You'll
understand one day. But it doesn't matter now, close your eyes, take a deep
breath and trust me."

"For the record, Ant. I always trust you." I did as he instructed and closed my
eyes and took a deep breathe and thought about trusting Ant while we stepped
into the shadows. He was my guide and my anchor. And for some reason I felt
something click inside, like I felt Ant in a whole new way.

We emerged on the other side of the shadows and I expected my stomach to lurch
but nothing happened as I took the blindfold off. I glared at Ant and chucked
the blindfold at him. He gave me a sideways grin in apology catching the
offending piece of cloth in his hand.. He wasn't sorry but he was guilty of
exactly what I was accusing him off. "What was that for?" I asked

Ant grinned at me playfully, "It makes you look foolish." But his smile vanished
and he got serious, "But it was there to make sure you kept your eyes closed."

I nodded. I guess that was fair. It was all about perceived strength. I asked,
"Where are we?"

"I brought us down into the heart of the tunnels." Ant said. Ryan took up
position on my side and Ant on the other.

"I thought you were emissary here."

Ryan grinned, "I'm just proof."

I sighed. They were laying something apparently so big at my feet and they
laughed at me in the process.

Ant chuckled, "We aren't laughing at you, Nox. Just remembering what it is like
to be young."

"And naive." I added.

There was a brisk breeze that I knew was a vampire moving faster than my eye
could see. "You think that frightens me?" I asked.

There was no answer.

More speeding sounds emerged from the shadows and coalesced into dark forms in
the shadows around us. I asked Ant, "I thought cursed vampires followed the
myths."

"Isn't speed one of them?" He asked and I sighed.

"I guess." I said as I waited for the theatrics to display. Berenstain was a
famous actor. People said he was a vampire. He never aged, he was pale and he
only filmed at night. All true, but Bernstein denied it all publicly destroying
any hope that he was such a fictional creature, and proving it by standing in a
shaft of sunlight with the help of SPF one million and a keen magic spell.

I grew tired of the charade so I wove a ball of light that lit the tunnel
intersection we were standing in. The vampires winced from the light though they
didn't burn. Some of them took a few steps closer to look at the glowing orb.
For those who were curious I wove small orbs and smiled, "They won't hurt you,
you can touch them." I said.

I watched as the cursed vampires touched the glowing orbs like they were tender
babies. Some of them probably hadn't seen light in centuries.

"Neat trick," a familiar voice echoed from shadows outside the reach of my
light.

"I'm sorry. But I tire of the games, lives are at stake."

"Lives are always at stake when you come down here." Bernstein's voice echoed in
the chamber.

"I'm only hear to ask that you don't kill the Venatori who come down into your
home to look for bombs that a dragon has placed."

When I said dragon there was near unanimous hiss from the surrounding vampires.
"Why should we agree."

"If the dragons expose the supernatural to the world, then you will be exposed
and every man who ever thought to be a vampire hunter will hunt you down." I
said. It was only a half truth.

Bernstein laughed. "Yes and the Venatori will be impressed for all the deaths
they've caused."

"Vampires have no rights in human lands. Venatori either. It would be to the
slaughter house for all of us. They don't know how to contain us anymore than
the Venatori know how to contain us. But he's planting bombs in your home. He'll
disrupt not only the human world but every soul in this city. Your power, your
water, your homes will come under scrutiny."

"And Il Cane sends the dynamic duo as reinforcements?"

I shrugged. "They are here only to show you the peril we are all in."

"So they won't kill us if we kill you?" At the suggestion the entire room took a
single step closer.

"I don't know if they will or not. But don't think I'm so easily killed."

But Bernstein didn't take to heart what I'd said. With a flick of his hand he
converged on me. Their vampire speed made them just blurs to my eyes. But I
didn't need to see them or need to do much more than think what I wanted. Before
they were on top of me I sent out a blast of air around the three of us and
knocked every vampire back the way they came.

They lay on the ground incapacitated, some holding their stomachs and others
cradling their heads. "Next time, I won't be so gentle and it will be laced with
fire. Vampires burn rather easily."

With another flick of his wrist all the vampires were gone and the russian actor
stepped into my lights. "You will forgive the games."

I shrugged. "If you promise not to hurt the Venatori who come looking for the
bombs."

He nodded. "I will do one better, I will send out my people into the far reaches
and scour the earth for these bombs."

"I have a map of what I assume are the locations." At least some of them anyway.

"That would be most helpful." He handed me a small device and as I took it I
realized it was a cell phone.

"Even the vampires are more tech savvy than the Venatori." I sent the vampire my
contact information and the maps that Sage had given me. "You can distributed
them as necessary."

"And if we find this dragon before you?" Bernstein asked.

"I'd appreciate it if you kept him alive long enough for me to ask him if there
is anything else I should know."

"And then?"

I shrugged. "He's violating your treaties with the supernatural creatures. He's
yours. Who am I to interfere."

Bernstein looked at me and said, "Mors Praetor."

"That gives me carte blanche on anything I want?" I asked.

"You are Justice and Death. You are the one we come to when there is conflict.
Or at least to Il Cane to mediate for us to you."

"We'll discuss it when we have him then." I said. Which seemed to be enough for
the vampire.

He blinked out and whispered in the echoes of the chamber, "I will be in touch."

Ryan chuckled. "That went well, where to Nox?"Scene Break
 Alex's Place

I grabbed the groceries and headed out the door before Alex. I waited for him by
the elevator but didn't say anything. He joined me after I assumed he locked up.
"Nox you okay?"

I nodded. "Yeah."

"We really didn't do anything."

I growled, "I know. I believe you. I don't like that your friend knows me from
my past. And the fucked up part I don't remember her. The circle is small, the
people who'd know that part I'd know."

Alex sighed. "I'm not happy she knows you either. I don't like knowing you had a
dom." He smirked. "From what I saw she was where she shouldn't have been. Got a
few lashes from it. She thought it was worth it."

"You aren't into that though?" I asked. I was hoping that he said no, I fucking
prayed he said he wasn't into it.

He stopped me and pulled me into the alley. "Nox. I told you the truth. I don't
want a sub. It's not my thing, it's just a job. She's paying me to find her soul
mates who were right fucking in front of her."

I laughed. "Course. I'm not surprised, if she can't see through you."

He pushed me and I grabbed his hands and pulled him against me. "It's pretty
obvious you aren't some flamboyant gay guy."

"I'm a good actor."

I chuckled. "We'll see." I pulled him out of the alley. "Show me your place.
Your real place."

He nodded and grinned. "Bossy, bossy. But I'm starving and you weren't done
shopping. I literally have nothing."

I sighed. "Fine." We headed towards a grocery store. It wasn't one I knew so we
wandered a little. I picked up some angel hair pasta, some fresh mozzarella, and
fresh basil. I grabbed some panko and salt and pepper and a few other things for
seasoning. "What do you want to drink?"

"Wine."

"You want a fancy dinner?"

"I said dazzle me." He smirked.

I rolled my eyes. "All right." I grabbed a bottle of white wine. "You ready?"

Alex nodded. "I'm all yours chef. I'm starving. This won't take long will it?"

I shrugged. "Never made it before."

"I'm not some guinea pig!" Alex exclaimed.

"You are tonight." I said as he paid. "But I promise it'll be good."

"It better be!" Alex said.

We weren't far from Alex's place. Hell we weren't far from the AU building. We
climbed 4 flights of stairs and Alex opened his door. The first thing I noticed
with the smell. It smelled like him, and nothing but him. I took a deep breath
and Alex chuckled. "Do you do that at every new place?"

I shook my head. "No." i didn't know how to explain it.

Alex smirked and swept out a hand. "Make yourself at home."

I kicked off my shoes by the door and followed Alex through his house. This is
what I expected of his house. The furniture was comfortable, it smelled like
him. It felt like him everywhere. There was dust in places which meant he wasn't
here long.

Alex lead me through the kitchen and I put things on the counter. Alex looked at
me, "You want the tour?"

I looked at him and shook my head, "No, I think I'll feed the starving man who
keeps eyeing me."

"I think that's a good idea." Alex said as he sat down at his bar and started
unpacking the bags. "I don't think I've ever cooked here either."

"A virgin eh?" I grinned.

"You could only wish."

I shook my head, "Virgin's are so boring. I like 'em with a little experience,
maybe a lot, show me a thing or two."

"That's fancy coming from you!"

I groaned, "Are you calling me a slut?"

Alex sighed, "No pretty boy. I very much want to show you a thing or two."

"So you get fed, what do I get out of this deal?" I asked as I started beating
eggs in a bowl with some salt and pepper.

Alex grinned, "Since when do I have to sing for my supper?"

"Can you?"

"Can I what?"

"Sing for you supper."

Alex chortled. "Fuck, I'll show you pretty boy." Alex got up from his bar stool
and headed down the hall. He came back with a guitar and sat down to make sure
it was all in key.

"Okay, now I'm impressed."

"Yeah uh, huh." Alex said. What could I say I was a sucker for music. And I was
going to keep my mouth shut while he did his thing. I'd hate to have him stop on
my account. He looked up while I was dicing all the vegetables so I could use
them in various place.

Alex started playing a song and started singing as I made food for him in his
kitchen. His voice was soft and I was grateful for my hearing so I could hear it
over the guitar. "When the night has come / And the land is dark / And the moon
is the only light we see / No I won't be afraid  
No I won't be afraid / Just as long as you stand, stand by me / And darling,
darling stand by me."

Had I been humming the song? It felt so familiar. It wasn't one of my favorites,
but it was always there on the tip of my tongue, but Alex quickly switched to
another song halfway through the chorus. I don't know why, and I didn't ask. He
looked lost in a memory too. The next song wasn't the version I had been
expecting once he started singing Baby one more time. It wasn't Britney's
version, it was much slower and not nearly as dance worthy.

"You want something you can dance to?" Alex asked as he switched songs again. I
recognized the song immediately and rolled my eyes and while I rolled the
chicken cutlets with the tomato basil mixture and mozzarella cheese inside.

"You really want me flinging my hands around while I coat this chicken. There is
only one way to dance to that song." I did the classic saturday night fever
movie you see John Travolta doing in the beginning of the movie, fuck if it was
the only way you could dance to Stayin Alive.

Alex chuckled as he played more while I finished rolling the chicken in the eggs
and panko bread crumbs and sticking them on a pan to bake.

With that going now in the preheated oven I started boiling water for the angel
hair pasta and threw all the minced garlic, pine nuts and fresh basil into a
blender for a homemade pesto sauce.

Alex started playing something to just play when his stomach rumbled again. He
looked at me and started singing, "C is for cookie, it's good enough for me." He
went through a few rounds of that while I snickered at him then he growled,
"Alex hungry."

I grinned at him. "I'm cooking as fast as I can."

I was working on the sauce at the stove and watching the water for boiling so I
could add the pasta when Alex started playing a familiar tune. He didn't sing
this time, but the tune was recognizable. Was one of my favorite to dance to
when I was a kid - mostly because the kids in the Academy couldn't do all the
moves at the right time for Thriller. Michael Jackson had been inspirational
while I was growing up. The dance moves were provocative and so very 80s but I
loved it.

I tried hard not to dance, but the music swept me away and I started dancing to
the music without really noticing I had started. And once I had started I was
moving and I could feel Alex's eyes on me. I had mastered dancing and cooking at
the same time, it was one of my favorite things to do. I took care not to make a
mess as this wasn't my apartment but for the remainder of the cooking time I
danced for Alex as he kept playing various Michael Jackson songs. Billie Jean
was also one of my favorites.

The look in Alex's eyes were hungry and at times sad. I stopped dancing long
enough to pull the finished chicken rolls from the oven and drain the pasta.

I poured some wine, plated the food. It wasn't fit to be served in Marco's
restaurant, but it was fancier than I usually did. I pushed the plate in front
of Alex and one in front of the empty seat next to him and he finished his song
which I gave him a flourishing finish.

He grinned at me as i stood up from the bow I'd given him and he laughed, "But
can you do this." He started in on a heavy rendition of some song that sounded
great on the accoustic but was meant for the electric. He headbanged his way
through the song and I couldn't help the smirk that spread across my lips as he
straightened laughing and then a groan as his hand slipped around his neck.

I rolled my eyes. "Obviously that was done so I'd touch you."

Alex smirked, "I would never." But I was already there pressing my fingers and
thumbs into the tender flesh and he was groaning for other reasons that went
straight to my cock. Alex grabbed my hands and pulled them around him and kissed
me quickly. "If you keep that up your food is going to get cold and I'm
starving." His stomach rumbled as if I needed encouragement to let him eat.

I gave him a heavy sigh and sat down next to him and took a sip of the wine
before cutting up the chicken rolls on my plate. After my first mouthful I
asked, "Where did you learn to play?"

Alex grinned at me, "My mom taught me. It was a staple of my growing up."

"Where did you learn to dance like that?" He asked.

"Dorian paid for my instructor. She was from Spain and Dorian liked speaking
Spanish with her, if I'd thought he liked women I'd have said he was flirting,
but Dorian was really just interested in the language. Though I think he did
learn some to speak Italian to impress Marco."

"What else did Dorian pay for?" Alex asked.

"Just cooking and dancing. He did it so I'd stay out of his hair. If I was too
busy doing other things I wasn't making trouble in the AU building."

"I knew you were a trouble maker."

I hung my head and bit my bottom lip before I looked at him. I was about to say
I wasn't, but he was shaking his head, "Fuck, pretty boy, don't do that."

I straightened my head and looked at him innocently, "Don't do what?"

"You know exactly what?"

I shook my head. "I have no idea what you mean."

Alex rolled his eyes. "Eat. Then I'll give you a tour of the place and then you
can give me a proper back rub. All that headbanging hurt my neck."

I laughed. "Uh, huh." But I did eat. And we made small talk along with a lot of
flirting.

Little Monster https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qA4CIs9l6a8

Baby one more time https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFapUOfotuM

Staying alive https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fUiBrZshdiA

C is for Cookie: https://youtu.be/Ye8mB6VsUHw

Thriller https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uclaF-IZ54I
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE1NjMyNDE5NThdfQ==
-->