#  I'll Never Tell

The dragon looked up at me with a sneer on his face but he couldn't breathe so
the gasp sort of ruined the look that was supposed to instill fear in me. And he
couldn't answer because the pressure was so great.

"I'll let up the pressure, but if try to kill me I'm going to snap your neck
like a twig."

The dragon tried to laugh at me as I wrapped a single cord of air around his
throat. "Or maybe I'll decapitate you." The cord was made sharp a tiny rivlet of
blood started to trickle down his throat as I let the pressure go. He felt the
sting even as he tried to shift.

The blood ran darker as the size of his leash remained the same as his neck grew
larger. "It's not like clothes. You have no power over my control."

He didn't get far before he let go of the transformation and growled at me. He
started to take a breath and I pulled the noose a little tighter which closed
his mouth. "You can speak to me, that's the only breath I'm going to allow you
to take."

He sneered at me and I sighed. "Alright, I'll just let Bernstein and his guys
have you. And I don't think they've ever had dragon blood. They might keep you
around for a good long while." I could feel Ant's gaze on my back. I knew he
wanted to say I enjoyed torturing and tormenting my marks with threats i would
carry out. He knew me well enough to know I would. But he also knew I wouldn't
say anything I wouldn't carry out. I could use a gun to threaten, but I instead
used my voice and the potential for violence.

I was not a nice person. I wasn't lawful no matter how much anyone looked at it
and said I was a good guy. I am a killer just like them. And my moral compass
doesn't always point in the direction of good. But I follow the cause, the right
and wrong of the world I've been dealt.

I stood up and looked to Ant. "Can you call Bernstein and get him and a few of
his men here? I think they'll enjoy their new toy."

The man on the ground yelled, "I'll talk."

"You will?" I asked as I used a weave of air to right him so he was kneeling on
the ground his hands were tied behind his back now and the razor sharp coil of
air was still tight around his neck. The healed skin of before was still red and
puffy.

It was a stall tactic I was sure. I didn't think he'd talk but I'd ask anyway,
"What are you doing down here?"

He sneered a little more. "What does it look like."

I sighed. "Why then?"

He laughed. "Because I was told to."

I grinned, "So you are a blind follower? Or are you just a little dragon with no
control or free will"." I stepped closer and ran my finger down the side of his
stubbled jaw. He was attractive. He was the size of the guy I'd used to get
behind me. The thought triggered memories of Alex. Memories that didn't need to
surface now. He'd called me weak. I growled at the memory and pushed it away. I
let a little magic flow through my fingertips and heat and ice trailed across
his cheek as I ran my finger across. "Oh the things I could make you do." It was
a threat, a thing I would never do. So maybe I lied to myself. Or had I changed
that much.

I sighed and stepped away. "You can talk to me or you can talk to Bernstein as
he drains your blood from your body to feed his little kiss of vampires. I don't
care either way."

As if the threat had called him Bernstein and group of maybe 5 vampires whisked
into the room. "He's all yours." I said to Bernstein. "He won't talk though if
he says anything about what he was doing down here of any importance let me
know." I said and turned away and started walking away.

I felt more than anything things happening behind me. A low vampire was on the
dragon, in front and I felt the sharp intake of breath from the dragon. The
warmth of the fire from his chest made it glow orange and the vampires around me
were scrambling. Ant was in front of me, Ryan was behind me guarding from any
other attacks, and likely protecting himself from the fire. He was Chevalier -
if he died, Il Cane died, and that would be such a bad thing to happen.

But there was no fire as I yanked on the cord and the razor sharp thread of air
sliced cleanly through his neck. His head toppled over and blood spurt from the
jugular. He wasn't going to talk now. I sighed as I headed for the exit. I
didn't know where it was, but I was sure Ant would figure it out soon enough.

Ant called after me. "Nox, can we…"

He didn't have to finish as I wrapped the corpse in air and fire and it burned.
It would take a while for a dragon corpse to burn, but it would burn and my
magic would be contained until it was done.

Ant and Ryan were walking next to me. "You could have done that." I told Ant.

"I wanted you to do it. Bernstein needed to see." Ant said.

Ryan added, "They all needed to see."

I sighed as we walked into the darkened tunnels.Scene Break
 A Truth (Alex)

Nox grabbed the groceries and was out the door before I could help him. I locked
up and found him standing by the elevator waiting. He hadn't even pushed the
button. I asked, "Nox you okay?"

He nodded. "Yeah."

"We really didn't do anything." I reassured him.

He growled, "I know. I believe you. I don't like that your friend knows me from
my past. And the fucked up part I don't remember her. The circle is small, the
people who'd know that part I'd know."

I sighed. "I'm not happy she knows you either. I don't like knowing you had a
dom." I smirked, trying to lessen the feeling of guilt he had, "From what I saw
she was where she shouldn't have been. Got a few lashes from it. She thought it
was worth it."

"You aren't into that though?" He asked. He really wished I wasn't into the
whole scene. I was glad I could reassure him. We rode down the elevator and were
out the door. We were walking down the street before I even thought of
responding. The people around us there didn't need to know my business.

We passed an alleyway mouth and I tugged Nox down into it so we could talk in
some relative quiet. "Nox. I told you the truth. I don't want a sub. It's not my
thing, it's just a job. She's paying me to find her soul mates who were right
fucking in front of her."

He laughed. "Course. I'm not surprised, if she can't see through you."

I pushed him. I was a better actor than he even knew. Nox grabbed my hands and
pulled me against him. "It's pretty obvious you aren't some flamboyant gay guy."

"I'm a good actor." I said flatly

Nox laughed. "We'll see." he said as he pulled me out of the alley, "Show me
your place. Your real place."

I nodded and couldn't help repeating what his boss had said. I liked this side
of him. "Bossy, bossy. But I'm starving and you weren't done shopping. I
literally have nothing."

He sighed. "Fine." We went into the local grocer and Nox picked up a few more
things. It looked like we'd be having Italian from what he grabbed overall. He
asked, "What do you want to drink?"

"Wine."

"You want a fancy dinner?"

"I said dazzle me." I smirked. I meant it. I wanted him to impress me. Not that
his steaks or his pancakes hadn't but I knew those weren't meant to impress. I
wanted to see what his surrogate fathers taught him.

He rolled his eyes at me. "All right." then grabbed a bottle of white wine as we
passed. He didn't even look at the brand or the price. Or anything really, just
grabbed. Like it didn't matter. But I saw in his head he knew exactly what he
was doing. "You ready?" he asked.

I nodded. "I'm all yours chef. I'm starving. This won't take long will it?"

He shrugged. "Never made it before."

"I'm not some guinea pig!" I said with a nervous laugh. I should be freaking out
and I was fucking starving, but I knew, I just \*\*knew\*\*, whatever he cooked
would be amazing.   
  
"You are tonight," he said confidently as I pulled out my wallet to pay for the
rest of the groceries, as I had earlier and the day before. I was getting good
at paying for his things. Not that I minded. "But I promise it'll be good." He
said with a smile. I loved that smile. Fuck if he wasn't going to do me in.

"It better be!" I said.

We weren't far from my place, We weren't far from Nox's either. It wasn't a
coincidence I'd been able to find him so easily. If only I'd known all those
years ago. It's not like I hadn't been seeing him all the while while I was with
Kate. He was part of my everyday life. My friend, my confidant. Fuck, he was the
guy I was having sex with whenever I wanted. Without the cause for any concerns
because it was just a dream.

I opened the door and the first thing Nox did was inhale deeply. I laughed, "Do
you do that at every new place?"

He shook his head. "No." He didn't know how to explain the thoughts verbally but
I caught all of it in his head. How I felt safe, like home, and smell was the
majority of that sensation for him. It was why he trusted the people he did -
because they smelled like home and safety to him.

I swept my hand through the living room in a grand gesture. "Make yourself at
home." I declared easily. I wanted him comfortable. Fuck if I was honest, I
wanted him naked and here all the time. But I pushed the memories away. I wasn't
in this for personal gain. This was about Poet, and everything else was just
mine to take.

Nox took me literally and kicked of his shoes and walked around in just his
socks. He was doing half the work for me. I could get used to that.

I lead him through the apartment to the kitchen. He put things on the counter
and I asked, "You want the tour?"

Nox shook his head, "No, I think I'll feed the starving man who keeps eyeing
me."

"I think that's a good idea." I sat down at the bar and started unpacking his
groceries to help out. I didn't know what he wanted or needed but he didn't seem
to mind that I was doing that simple chore while he looked around my kitchen
looking for the things he needed."I don't think I've ever cooked here either." I
said.

"A virgin eh?" He joked.

Which I returned with a quip of my own. "You could only wish."

Nox shook his head "Virgin's are so boring. I like 'em with a little experience,
maybe a lot, show me a thing or two."

"That's fancy coming from you!" he was such a playboy it wasn't even funny. I'd
watched him coral a girl and fuck her on the dance floor. There was probably
nothing he hadn't done with someone else. Which only made things hurt even more.
He'd never remembered the things we did. I was his first fucking kiss, I was his
first, not those he thought of. It was me but I wasn't real to him.

Nox groaned, "Are you calling me a slut?"

I sighed more for my own self defeating thoughts than his own self deprecation.
Either way we were both thinking the same thing, "No pretty boy. I very much
want to show you a thing or two." I hadn't meant to say it. But it was the
truth. I wanted to be his everything and then the pain of it all hit and I
wanted nothing more than to rip it out from under him. And here I'm thinking
he's such a fucking mess - I shouldn't talk.

"So you get fed, what do I get out of this deal?" He asked as he beat eggs in
one of my bowls with a fork. I had a whisk but he seemed perfectly happy with
the fork.

I smirked, "Since when do I have to sing for my supper?"

"Can you?"

"Can I what?" I asked confused.

"Sing for you supper."

I nearly snorted "Fuck, I'll show you pretty boy." I went to my bedroom and
looked around. The bed was fucking disaster and I had clothes strewn about, but
fuck he wanted honest, this was me. I grabbed my guitar and walked back into the
kitchen with hit.

"Okay, now I'm impressed." Nox said as I sat down on the bar stool and adjusted
myself so that I could play with ease.

"Yeah uh, huh." I warmed up a little, my fingers hadn't touched the guitar since
I got here, there had been no need. Janice had never much cared unlike her
mother. Her mother loved for me to play for her. started strumming and singing
Stand By Me. It was a habit more than anything. I'd sung the song to him so many
times over the years. It just started without me thinking about it. "When the
night has come / And the land is dark / And the moon is the only light we see /
No I won't be afraid / No I won't be afraid / Just as long as you stand, stand
by me / And darling, darling stand by me."

Nox had been startled by the playing of a song he'd felt so much connection
with, but he hadn't said anything. He was wondering how I knew to play the song
for him. His thoughts made me angry. Fuck, I sang it to you!

I didn't want to play that song to him here. In the real world, it hurt too much
knowing he never remembered. Fuck if he had remembered, I don't know what I
would have done. I started playing a slower cover of Baby One more time. Nox
recognized it it almost immediately and his thoughts said it wasn't dance
worthy. He wanted to dance, huh? I could do that. "You want something you can
dance too." I started playing Stayin Alive. It wasn't a favorite of mine but it
always got a reaction from the crowd. It was such a classic everyone did John
Travolta's classic moves.

Including Nox, he grinned as he said, "You really want me flinging my hands
around while I coat this chicken. There is only one way to dance to that song."

I strummed a few other things, he didn't seem to care that it wasn't anything
particular, and I didn't need to sing. But my stomach rumbled and I launched
into something silly, "C is for cookie, it's good enough for me." It had Nox
grinning and I kept playing and singing the song I'd grew up with. But I really
was hungry. I did my best cookie monster voice, "Alex hungry!"

Nox was grinning, "I'm cooking as fast as I can."

I wasn't really thinking as I started playing Thriller. It was one of the more
complicated songs I knew. It was an impressive song to play on the guitar and I
often played it in the park to make extra bucks, most adults who were in the
money knew Thriller, it was part of their generation, though that was quickly
changing. What I hadn't expected was for Nox to break out in dance. Not only did
he know the moves he was almost certainly doing it right the whole thing even
without the words.

As Nox cooked I played a few other of Michael Jackson's songs. He seemed to
favor Billie Jean and I enjoyed watching him dance like the King of Pop. He
moved with precision and sex appeal and I was forgetting my place more often
than not until his timers all went off and he was plating food.

Nox pushed a plate in front of me and I gave him a flourishing bow which brought
a smile to his lips, the same smile that made me more than happy.

He was all smiles and I couldn't help but laugh as I asked, "But can you do
this?" I played a metallica riff and headbanged to it. I pulled a neck muscle
with the energetic movements, or so I let on. And he saw through it with a roll
of his eyes, "Obviously that was done so I'd touch you."

I smirked. "I would never." But Nox was already working the sore spots in my
neck. He had to stop or we'd never eat and I was fucking hungry.

I grabbed his hands and pulled him closer to me and kissed him over my shoulder,
"If you keep that up your food is going to get cold and I'm starving." And my
stomach rumbled on cue.

Nox played up the sigh as he sat down next to me taking a sip of his wine and
then started cutting his own food. I wasn't sure I wanted to be so polite but I
didn't just reach down and grab the chicken that looked delectable on the plate
covered in pesto sauce. My apartment never smelled so good. Nox asked, "Where
did you learn to play?"

I finished a bite and told him the truth, "My mom taught me. It was a staple of
my growing up." It had earned us money when we were short on cash and it had
earned me a lot of tips as I played for the big wigs in other places.

I already knew the answer, but I asked anyway, "Where did you learn to dance
like that?"

"Dorian paid for my instructor. She was from Spain and Dorian liked speaking
Spanish with her, if I'd thought he liked women I'd have said he was flirting,
but Dorian was really just interested in the language. Though I think he did
learn some to speak Italian to impress Marco."

"What else did Dorian pay for?" I asked, obviously the cooking but I wondered if
he had any other mundane talents I didn't know about yet.

"Just cooking and dancing. He did it so I'd stay out of his hair. If I was too
busy doing other things I wasn't making trouble in the AU building." The
knowledge was only slightly disappointing. I couldn't think of anything finer
for him to do. Obviously he was artistic too. I'd looked at those drawings in
his notebook and they weren't something to be shy about. There had been other
doodles too. But I hadn't looked long. I wondered how much he practiced that
talent.

"I knew you were a trouble maker." I poked fun at him.

Nox hung his head and bit his bottom lip before he looked up at me shly. He was
about to say say he wasn't a trouble maker but I interrupted him before the
words left his mouth, "Fuck, pretty boy, don't do that."

He looked at me oh-so innocently, "Don't do what?"

"You know exactly what?"

He shook his head. "I have no idea what you mean."

I rolled my eyes at him, "Eat. Then I'll give you a tour of the place and then
you can give me a proper back rub. All that headbanging hurt my neck."

He laughed. "Uh, huh." He ate. I devoured my food and was looking forward to the
left overs later. Though they might not make it through the night.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTEzNDE1MjE4MDBdfQ==
-->