#  The Grand Plan?

We walked for a little while before Ant took my elbow. Ryan intoned, "Take a
deep breath, close your eyes and trust in Ant." As we stepped through the
shadows to the dojo we always shifted into. ItScene Break
 Losing Myself (Alex)

Nox finished eating before I did and was up cleaning up the mess he'd made.
Which in retrospect wasn't that big of a mess since he did the dishes as he
went. There was very little to do . I could do this. "You cooked. I can clean
up."

He nodded. "I know you can. But if it's not taken care of it'll drive me nuts.
The whole change thing, the patterns mess up cause it's outta order. I'll be
better with it cleaned up, now instead of later."

I sighed, "You really are a pain in the ass." I got up and collected my dishes
and took them to the sink to start the dishwasher.

"Not yet." He grinned at me at me as he hip checked me and started washing the
dishes by hand. I don't think I'd ever done that. Maybe once as a kid.

"Go put the food away. I'll have it later." I ordered. I could wash dishes, or
do it my wasy alnyways dark and empty and no
one else really used it.

For the second time I didn't lose my lunch. I punched Ant in the arm, "You're an
ass."

Ant smirked.

I asked, "Why did you bring me here?"

Ant nodded towards the mat. "I figured you needed a beat down."

I looked around and sighed. "I think I.

He didn't seem to mind, "Yes, sir," he said as he pressed a kiss to my temple
and then started putting everything in separate bowls.

I was going to have to wash all that. "You could have put it all in one thing."

"No way. Then the pasta drinks all the pesto sauce. And the chicken gets all
mushy. This way you can just pop the chicken in the oven for ten and warm and
melt the cheese again. You can microwave the pasta and the pesto together but
I'd just do the pasta and keep the pesto cold, maybe mix in some more olive oil
to thin it out a little."

I dried my hands. "I'm going to go with my first statement. You are a pain in
the ass."

He smirked. "And I'm still going with, not yet."

His words waent to grab a quick run, a milkshake and
see ifstraight to my cock. I groaned, "Alright, come on. Tour first and
then I cwan see a certain blue eyedt dessert."

Nox laughed, "Hey, I'm not a piece of meat."

I ran my eyes over his body and then go see what else IT has for
me."

"Nox, come on, I know this shigrabbed his hoodie zipper and let it fall from
his shoulders when I pushed it off his shoulders. "I'll be the judge of that."
The idea that his got you messed up. Talk to me, please." Ant
begged which means I was bad.

I sighed and sat down on the floor. Ryan knelt down behind me and pressed his
thumbs into my shoulders. "He's as tighhoodie was on the floor would bug him so I kicked it up into
my hand and tossed it to the couch so he'd be less prone to freaking out. His
thoughts were one tracked again. He was thinking about all the things he wanted
to do with me. I was the piece of meat and it was making me hard. I growled,
"Come on." I stumbled away and grabbed my guitar on the way out. "This way."

I pointed to the spare bedroom that was your asshole around your gay bopretty much empty except for a desk.
"That's the spare bedroom I use for an office." I gripped the guitar with my
othere."

I chuckled. "I don't know he wanted me pretty bad the first time we met."

Ryan found a knot with his thumbs and I groa hand and pointed to the other end. "The only bathroom is down this way."
We walked that way. I actually showed him this room. And he seemed to like it. I
hoped we’d be checking it out later.

I pushed opened my bedroom door and I stepped inside to put the guitar on it's
stand in the corner of the room. It wasn't much, but it was all mined. "Dude." I said and tried to
stand up but Ryan's hands on my shoulders kept me pusThis is
my room." I saw its state of disarray, my unmade bed and the room itself again
and sighed. "I wasn't expecting guests."

He shrugged. "It doesn't bother me. You leave it a mess all thed to the floor.

"You get up before I'm done I'll let Ant hit you a few times." Heime so it looks
fine."

"But you make yours." I tried to understand.

"But I've always made mine. It was a rule growing up, kinda like boot camp and
the military."

I nodded, "Okay, you sure?" I asked to make one last final chueckled. "I
. I'd make it if
I knoew how to deal with tense muscles and fucked up heads. So talk to Ant, but
first tell me did you get any chocolate cake for your birthday?"

I nodded. "But I didn't go have drinks with Adrian, I am completelye was coming over.

He nodded and sat down on the bed. "Yeah, no need to worry about making it
messier." He grinned at me, "I assume that is part of the goal?"

I shook my head and pulled him off the bed and tossed the blankets to the floor
on the other side of the room then flopped down on the top off with all
my dutiesthe bed face
first. "I don't know."

"Why are things so off Nox?" Ant asked.

"Because I want to include someone into my life. I want a three year old to
shake it up even more. I want a fucking family. I need to do this so I can adapt
to that." I sighed. "And I want to do it with Alex."

Ant laughed, "Always with the blue eyed boy."

I grinned. "He's part of it all Ant, he always has been. If he's been in my
dreams my whole life, he means something right? If I don't remember him, andwas serious, my neck hurts now."

"So dramatic." He said behind me as he tugged at my t-shirt. "If you want a
proper back rub you need to lose the shirt."

I rolled over and looked up at him and I knew he liked the view. I smirked at
him. He was so fucking easy. I sat up and he pulled the shirt over over my head.
As I tossed the shirt across the room into the corner I reached around him and
grabbed his phone. "I'm going to put this on Do Not Disturbed." I watched his
face and listened to his reaction and so far nothing seemed wrong, "You're
alarms should still come through." I said confidently.

He nodded, "I know. I use it at night."

I smiled. "This okay?" I set his phone on the nightstand and then set my own in
the same mode next to it. He nodded at me. "Good now you are all mine."

Nox whispered, "I was already all yours."

I shook my head, "No you would have left if someone told you something had
happened on your big case."

He shrugged. "You'll never know now - will you?" He shoved me and I sat down on
the's stuck around for years then I mean something to him right?"

Ant shook his head. "Don't you have an appointment with Margo?"

I glanced at my phone. "Yeah. I guess I should go." I looked back at the pair of
green eyes pressing me. "You going to let me up?"

Ryan pressed his thumbs into a tender spot. "In a second, let me bed. He spun his finger to tell me he wanted to get started and I gladly
obliged him.

"Bossy, I swear." I kicked off my shoes and I put my cheek on my crossed hands
with closed eyes. I was going to to enjoy this. "The mess isn't gonna make you
agitated will it?"

"I'll let you know when things start getting too much, alright? You don't have
to keep asking."

I rolled on to my side. "I don't want to freak you out at all Nox, Not even a
little. I want this to go well." I wanted him to stay with me, here outside of
everything else. Fuck what was I doing?

Nox was confident, "It's going great." It felt odd him being the one who knew
things would be alright. "I'll let you know when it gets the last
one out."

I let the man work. He was right, I felt a little better. "Thanks Ry." I looked
oo much. I promise.
I'm not fragile." Could a fooled me.

I laid back down with a sigh and the words slipped out of my mouth. Nox didn't
say anything in response as he sat on my ass and started rubbing his hands on my
back. They felt warm. I fucking melted under his touch. I bit my lip to keep
from making too my friend, "Thanks Ant."

"Hey Nox. I have a real job I need you to do for me. I have a guy who stole from
us, and I have a bunch of sightings, you think you could do your thing and find
him for me?" Ant askedany unwanted noises as he kneaded the knots I hadn't really
known where there.

Nox whispered as his hot hands pressed through my back and it went straight to
my cock. "There has just been a lot of stress the past few days. I'm not usually
quite so volatile. You make me nervous among other things."

"Why do I make you nervous?" I sounded far away. His fingers were making me
sleepy.

"I nodded. "Sure send me the info."

Ryan grinned. "I'll drop it of by your place it'll be there when you get home."

"Alright." I said as I stood up and headed for the doordon't date. I don't take guys numbers and keep them, much less call them
back. I haven't been with a guy in a few years. It's just all new and yet you
make me feel safe and like I've done this a thousand times before. "I appreciate all your
help todayknow it
sounds crazy but you smell and feel like home."

"I know." Ant called after me as I shut the door.didn’t know how to respond to that so I shut up and Nox expertly worked my
back until I fell asleep.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTM4OTAxNDkyN119
-->