#  The Grand Plan?

We walked for a little while before Ant took my elbow. Ryan intoned, "Take a
deep breath, close your eyes and trust in Ant." As we stepped through the
shadows to the dojo we always shifted into. It was always dark and empty and no
one else really used it.

For the second time I didn't lose my lunch. I punched Ant in the arm, "You're an
ass."

Ant smirked.

I asked, "Why did you bring me here?"

Ant nodded towards the mat. "I figured you needed a beat down."

I looked around and sighed. "I think I want to grab a quick run, a milkshake and
see if I can see a certain blue eyed boy and then go see what else IT has for
me."

"Nox, come on, I know this shit is got you messed up. Talk to me, please." Ant
begged which means I was bad.

I sighed and sat down on the floor. Ryan knelt down behind me and pressed his
thumbs into my shoulders. "He's as tight as your asshole around your gay boy
here."

I chuckled. "I don't know he wanted me pretty bad the first time we met."

Ryan found a knot with his thumbs and I groaned. "Dude." I said and tried to
stand up but Ryan's hands on my shoulders kept me pushed to the floor.

"You get up before I'm done I'll let Ant hit you a few times." He chuckled. "I
know how to deal with tense muscles and fucked up heads. So talk to Ant, but
first tell me did you get any chocolate cake for your birthday?"

I nodded. "But I didn't go have drinks with Adrian, I am completely off with all
my duties. I don't know."

"Why are things so off Nox?" Ant asked.

"Because I want to include someone into my life. I want a three year old to
shake it up even more. I want a fucking family. I need to do this so I can adapt
to that." I sighed. "And I want to do it with Alex."

Ant laughed, "Always with the blue eyed boy."

I grinned. "He's part of it all Ant, he always has been. If he's been in my
dreams my whole life, he means something right? If I don't remember him, and
he's stuck around for years then I mean something to him right?"

Ant shook his head. "Don't you have an appointment with Margo?"

I glanced at my phone. "Yeah. I guess I should go." I looked back at the pair of
green eyes pressing me. "You going to let me up?"

Ryan pressed his thumbs into a tender spot. "In a second, let me get the last
one out."

I let the man work. He was right, I felt a little better. "Thanks Ry." I looked
to my friend, "Thanks Ant."

"Hey Nox. I have a real job I need you to do for me. I have a guy who stole from
us, and I have a bunch of sightings, you think you could do your thing and find
him for me?" Ant asked.

I nodded. "Sure send me the info."

Ryan grinned. "I'll drop it of by your place it'll be there when you get home."

"Alright." I said as I stood up and headed for the door. "I appreciate all your
help today."

"I know." Ant called after me as I shut the door.

