#  Where Are You?

I sat there for a while before I sent Alex a text.

N: I'm going to come over, I need to talk to you.

I didn't wait for an answer. I knew he wasn't going to answer me. He was
ignoring me, we had a fight two days ago, and he didn't want to talk. I got
that. I'd left the conversation. I was angry, but I needed to talk to him. I
needed him just like I needed air.

Margo was sitting on the couch in the waiting room, "You done?"

I grinned. "I'm going to go talk to Alex." I said.

She smiled and stood up and we walked out of the Infirmary together. We bid a
fond farewell at the elevators while I took the stairs down and ran to Alex's
apartment.

I was winded when I arrived outside Alex's building, Joe was standing there
letting a woman in with bright green dress. She glanced at me with a sneer on
her lips and I gave her a bright smile. "Is Alex here?" I asked Joe the door
man.

He shook his head, "No, I've not seen Mr. Kennedy all day."

I sighed. "Okay. Thanks."

I tried his other place. The fancy one, the one where his fake friend showed up.
The one I wasn't sure he had been fucking or not. It made me angry to think of
her hands on Alex, so I ran. I knew he had a past, I did too, but he was mine.
The memories floating to my mind, all those feelings, so many years ago that I
just found. Fuck!

I slowed to a walk to calm myself, running was only making me think worse
things. I calmed as I walked, took a deep breath, found all the little things I
missed on a day to day basis as I walked the city. The cracks in the buildings
as I passed them. The whisper of cars going by. The chatter of humans and
critters in the alley.

I closed my eyes only for a second and I collided with a small thump and yelled,
"Hey watch…"

My eyes popped open and I was staring down at Alex's fake friend. She was
wearing a green long coat that looked like it cost more than my whole apartment.
She sat on her ass on the sidewalk where she'd fallen. I offered her my hand as
any one would and she took it as I pulled her upright. "Aren't you the
gentleman?" She said and put her hand on my chest. I looked her in the eyes and
she smiled brightly at me.

"Are you heading to Brent's?" she asked.

I stared at her blankly till I realized she meant Alex. His fucking alias. I
nodded. "I am."

"He's not there, I just came from there." She pressed her hand harder into my
chest and I had no choice but to take a step back or she'd knock me over with
the pressure she exerted on my chest.

"Why were you visiting him?" I asked, even I heard the jealousy on my lips.

Her smile turned to a smirk as she took my hand with her free on and pressed it
up her leg to her bare ass underneath the coat. "You thought to seduce him?"

"I was going to do more than that, pretty boy." She sneered at me.

I laughed and pulled my hand from hers. "I doubt that. If you don't mind." I
tried to go around her but she put a single high-heeled foot blocking my path
and pressed me harder against the wall she'd pushed me against.

"You aren't going anywhere." her voice became even more commanding as she
uttered a simple word, "Xiàjiàng."

I dropped my eyes to the ground as she released me from her grasp. It wasn't my
command word, I didn't have one. And I had never actually responded to the word
she used. She tried to unbutton my pants and I grabbed her hands and spun her
around and pressed her against the wall. "Don't ever fucking touch me again. I
am neither your or Brent's play toy." I spat out Alex's alias and hurried away
before she figured out I was very close to wanting to submit. Alex was gone.
Alex wasn't in his apartment - either of them. Where the fuck was he?Scene Break
 Nothing But the Truth (Alex)

Nox fell asleep in my arms. I was too strung out from what had happened. The
moments we'd shared. In the depths of his soul, Nox knew me. He didn't need the
memories I had of all the times we'd shared, those feeling seemed to bubble up.
His hands roaming over my body missing ticklish spots like an expert. His lips
finding just the right spot. I laid awake thinking about how he'd memorized my
body from the one time we'd been together.

I could have sworn he mumbled Mushu in his sleep and I pulled him tighter
against me feeling that tingle. I had not felt the in years. It was there, he
was thinking about him. About me but he didn't know it. I wanted to go to him,
to tell him tonight had been beyond anything I'd have hoped for five years ago.
I wanted to tell him how much I cared, about everything, not just the house, or
my job. I fell asleep and found myself floating in the ocean alone but he kept
calling to me. I waited for the call to stop but it didn't. Not until a sharp
annoying sound pierced the water around me and the warmth against my chest
pulled away to turn it off.

And then his warm hand was on my shoulder shaking me and I groaned. "Alex?" he
shook again.

"What?" I said. It was too early - way to fucking early.

"I'm going into your living room gonna do some yoga and grab a shower, then I'll
make you breakfast."

"I don't have anything for you to make." I rolled on to my back and looked at
him blinking away the sleep.

"Then I'll go for a run and get stuff and I'll cook for you again."

I grabbed his arm and pulled him on top of me. I didn't want him to leave. If he
left he might not come back. "Stay with me. You can make be breakfast when the
sun comes up."

He pressed a kiss to his forehead. "If I stay in bed I'm going to lose it
later." He confessed and I didn't really care, I didn't want to get out of bed
right now, or soon. I wanted him to stay with me.

I rolled us back to our sides and ran my fingers down the side of his face while
pulling him tight against me and whispered, "Sleep baby." I nudged him to sleep.
Kish would probably be pissed but I didn't care. I didn't want the moment to
end. Nox was sleeping against me and I felt that fucking urge to pee. I stayed
in bed as long as I could before I had to get up.

The relief was paramount as I was walking back into the room and saw Nox
whimpering in bed, and blood and mangled skin running down his naked back. Fuck!
If I hadn't believed it before I sure as fuck did now. I wasted no time before I
was shaking him to wake him. His eyes popped open and he yelped. "Fuck Nox." I
pulled my hand away and whispered, "I was gone like 2 minutes."

I watched as Nox eased his way out of bed. I didn't fucking care if he got blood
everywhere. I asked, "You okay?"

Nox nodded. His mind was focused on what had happened, on his dream, on thinking
of me and the nightmares and I felt like shit. "I'm going to take a shower." He
said as he walked out of my room. I listened for the bathroom door closing and
breathed a sigh of relief he hadn't gone home naked. Though it would have been
funny. Not that he'd care really he could hide himself from view.

After the water started and he got settled I knocked on the door to my own
bathroom, "Can I come in?"

"It's your bathroom." He said like he was far away. His thoughts drifting again
to his dream man and back to me. I was real. He'd given up on him. I had done
the same, but here he was standing in fucking front of me again. And last night
still high in my mind. But I didn't like being a second thought, even though I
was the same person as he was thinking about. How couldn't he see it was me? Was
he that clueless? I'd recognized him right away, even with all the many faces.
But I had to fix it. Always having to fix it.

I asked again. "You okay?"

"Fine."

"You don't sound fine."

"I told you I would lose it later. This is me at the beginning of losing it."

"I'm sorry I made you sleep again." I truly was sorry. I was selfish, and hadn't
thought about him.

He smirked. "I'm not mad at you Alex."

"You're mad at who then?" I asked annoyed. "I can see it in the way you move and
I can hear your thoughts."

"I'm mad at myself. Because I let you manipulate me."

"I…" Fuck! He was right, I had, and guilt for that killed my anger. It was my
fault he was in this state.

"I'm okay with it Alex." he reassured me, "With all of it. The lies and the
secrets. I'm okay with it all. But I shouldn't let you manipulate me when I know
what's best for me."

Nox turned and looked at me through the steamed glass, "Spending the night was
always going to be rough on me. Waking up in a strange place, with strange
smells and patterns. Yoga would have helped me cope with that change, kept me
balanced. I didn't want to get out of bed, I didn't want to leave you, I should
have. I should have been stronger."

"Can I join you?" I asked quietly.

"It's your shower."

"Nox." I wanted an answer. I didn't want to push more - again.

"Yes, Alex, you can join me. I'm not mad at you. Nothing about this is anything
you can do anything about." Which was precisely why I wanted to be in the shower
with him..

I stepped into the shower and wrapped my arms around him from behind and kissed
my favorite spot, "Your back is already healed why isn't this." I asked.

"Because I'm fighting my body."

"You want to wear my mark." I sounded surprised to my own ears.

"Always have, Alex." he said quietly like he was lost in thought.

"What do you mean?"

"I don't know. Just a gut feeling. Something inside saying you'd be happy to see
the mark still on me when we woke up." Nox sighed, "Just like I know deep down
inside you are keeping something from me, something that will rip my heart out
when I know it."

I stepped back from him. In shock of his words. His confession. The hurt in his
voice. "I can see it every time I look at you. The lies and secrets. The
aliases, the client who thinks she's your friend, the case itself where you are
helping someone find something you don't want. I don't know what it is, but I
feel it, Alex. Just as you feel safe, and like home. I know that when I find out
it's going to hurt." His voice cracked and I knew he was in tears.

After everything that happened. Everything that we'd gone through, all the
torment. The past five years. Poet's fucking job. After all of it, all I wanted
was to keep him safe, to make it stop. To make this work. He felt good against
me, like no one had ever before. Not even Kate, just my little monster. "I don't
think I can keep doing this, Nox."

"Doing what?" He looked over his shoulder at me and he looked about to lose it
even further. I decided I'd lay it all out. I'd lay the whole fucking thing out.
It worked so well for him...

"I already ripped your heart out. Just like you ripped mine out." I confessed.

Nox turned around and stared at me. I saw the thoughts forming. The connections
being made even as he asked, "What?"

"Five years ago, almost, in a few days anyway, you asked me to show you the real
me. You wanted to touch the real me, promised darkness and the real us. No
games, just us." Nox shook his head in disbelief, but he knew it was true. He
remembered the dream. "It was a perfect. Just like last night. You never
remember me. And I was okay with that. Until I found a book, one my dad wrote me
before I was ever born. It made me think you were the one. So I tried everything
again to get you to remember me. And then your mom died, and you were a mess.
I'd seen you so many times before that high or drunk and completely broken, but
this time, this time was different. I told you about my box of things and I made
you wake up. If you woke up before the black took you away you remembered me. I
didn't know why I hadn't seen it before, the nights you remembered me. You found
it and we spent months falling in love, planning to meet. And then the weeks
before you were gone. I couldn't find you."

"It was the vampire magic." He interrupted, "I didn't know it at the time. But
Ant and Ryan's taught ability to keep dreamwalkers from their sleep protects
those around them, and I had been staying with Cari and her power encompasses
the entire house. And it's a large house." Fucking vampires.

Nox shook his head. "I'm sorry." He turned around and shut the water off and
grabbed two towels. He was done. And I felt exposed. I'm sure he did too.

"And then came the day and you didn't show up. You sent your fucking friend to
tell me you weren't interested." He started to interrupt and I glared at him
holding a finger up to make him wait, I wasn't done, "I knew it was a lie, i
heard the truth of it but I figured I'd just see you in the dream and we'd meet
up later."

"You never came back to the dream after that." His words were so broken.

I couldn't help but laughing. "I could never find you. You'd been calling me
every night since this power manifested. Last night you called to me again. But
I didn't come."

"I know. I didn't have a nightmare last night."

"What do you call what happened just then?" I pointed back at my room..

"You left me. And I... I don't know. But that was because I fell asleep thinking
about you. It's what happens when I think about him. About you. How long have
you known?" He asked. I saw his annoyance and I knew he'd be angry.

I shook my head as I told him the truth, "Since the beginning. I only took this
job so I could hurt you the way you hurt me."

I added to give it a little more context "Funny thing is that I already ripped
your heart out. And I'd been too blind to see it. Ignoring things because I was
trying to stay away from you, I didn't want you to lure me in."

Nox nodded. "So now what? What are you going to tell your master?" he said as he
stalked out of the bathroom towards my room. To find his clothes. He was going
to leave me like this. Of all the fucking times not to talk to me!

"Same thing I told you. I can't do this anymore." I called after him.

I wanted to let him walk out. The earth shattering pain I was reliving again.
But if he walked the fuck out the door we'd never see each other again. We'd
never get another chance. And I didn't reveal the truth so he could walk the
fuck out of my life. But I'm an ass too I stepped out of my bathroom just as Nox
got to the door and I yelled, "For someone who talks all the fucking time you
have nothing to say now?"

"What do you expect me to say?" He ran fingers through his hair and it got
caught in a knot I'd probably made last night. "Thanks for ripping my heart out?
You want confirmation that you paid me back before I go?" He sniped at me.

"No I want you to give a damn about me for a change. It's always about you and
your feelings and your anxiety and your schedule. How about you show some
interest in me! Do you even care why I told you everything or are you too busy
thinking poor Nox, fucked over again, everyone uses me and he's no different."

He stared at me. "You are no different standing there on your high horse." But
it was just a biting comment. His thoughts had recoiled at the thought he hadn't
been taking care of me. That he'd been selfish. That he was always selfish.

"Do you know how many times I talked you out of doing something stupid? Every
fucking October would roll around and I'd look forward to seeing you, and every
October you were a mess. Or how many times I had to refrain from being angry at
you because I only got a little bit of time with you before the fucking darkness
took you away from me. Or the fucking scars I had to hide because whatever the
fuck takes you tore into me when I tried to stop it."

With each new word, Nox was crumbling. I knew it was harsh. And I knew I should
have let him walk out the door. But he didn't. He collapsed to the floor like he
had in his apartment. He backed up against the door and his world crumbled
around him. He was so much fucking work. I couldn't even have a fight with him
without feeling like shit.

Nox mumbled something I didn't hear, but his words were clear in my head, "I
don't remember those things."

I didn't care. He should. "Wouldn't matter anyway Nox. You never asked anything.
Not even when my fucking birthday was. It's always about you."

He stared at me definitely and the words tumbled out. "You're birthday is on
Halloween."

The fucking things he remembered. The doubt in his mind. He didn't know where
the memory came from but I saw him dressed in a pirates outfit and I remembered
having the best fucking birthday because of him ever."

"So you remember things off the wall things, like my name, or my birthday. Nox.
Always at your convenience. How the fuck do I know you even cared. You used me
to get that thing off your back."

"I would never use you." he cracked out through sobs.

A part of me wanted to comfort him, but he had to get through this him fucking
self. I wasn't going to pick him up and I wasn't going to let him go run to his
fucking vampire prince either. But he was just sitting there crying and
breathing and I had enough. I turned and walked into my room.

I saw the drying blood on my sheets and swore. I'd have to deal with that later.
I grabbed a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt. I needed a shower, but I didn't care
right now. I pulled on a pair of boxers and a plain t-shirt then the other
clothes from the closet. I went to walk out but the sight of his blood… I
couldn’t just leave it there. I stripped the bed of the linens and crumpled them
up and tossed them into the garbage bin. It was too small and it just landed in
a pile on top then flopped over spilling the few papers it had collected.

I walked out of my bedroom and to the linen closet by the bathroom and saw Nox
still sitting there against the door his head resting against it. Tears flowing
and his lips moving. His inner thoughts were some sort of mantra. 3 things I
could touch… I ignored them and grabbed clean sheets and walked back into my
room to make the bed.

I was straightening the last corner of the comforter on my bed when I felt his
presence behind me. His breathing was even as he spoke quietly. "I'm sorry. I
have no excuses to offer that can explain why I treated you in a way that made
you feel I didn't care. I know I don't remember all those things you do. And I
don't ask questions. I don't want to pry, but it's no excuse for my behavior."

"Fuck, Nox." I turned on him and glared. He still looked pale and broken but he
was standing there. I could see how hard it was for him. "You are always such a
pity party."

"I'm sorry." His gaze dropped to the floor.

I was tired of this fucking submissive shit. I stomped over to him and shoved
his chest. "Stand up for your fucking self." Nox stumbled back.

He didn't say anything, which was slightly better than saying sorry again. I
shoved him again. "Why do you let people push you around?" He took another step
back. I could see the temper rising. His anger blinding the rest of his
thoughts.

I shoved him again. "Why do you let me push you around?" But before the words
had completely left my lips I was on the ground, long lean fingers were wrapped
around my throat and I couldn't breathe. Nox was staring down at me with his
knee in my chest. I hadn't even seen him move before I was gasping for air.

He didn't smile he fell backwards onto his ass and then backwards still on to
the floor gasping for breath like I'd been choking him instead of the other way
around. Then I realized he wasn't gasping for breath he was crying - again. "You
really are a piece of work, Nox."

Nox sat up, tears streaming down from red puffy eyes and I goaded him to get
that anger back, "I thought dating a guy would have so much less fucking crying.
I guess I was wrong."

"Fuck you, Alex." He snapped as he stood up drying his tears. "I'm sorry I
didn't remember you all those years, but getting fucking beaten every fucking
night since I was six year old seems to have stuck in my head instead of all
those good memories. I’m so fucking sorry that you get pissed at me for being
submissive. Here let me stand up for myself." He started for the door again.

I scrambled for the door first. "No, you don't get to leave like this!"

"How would you like me to leave Alex?" He yelled at me. We were both yelling
like a pair of idiots and I tried to calm down.

"Honestly?"

"Always, honestly, but I know that's kinda hard for you." His sarcasm level was
at 11, a massive improvement over the tears and anger, but I bit back my own
sarcastic response and gave him my honest answer.

It stung but it was the truth. "I don't want you to leave at all." He stared at
me. "I want you to ask me why I don't think I can do it anymore, or what it is.
I want you pretend you care, Nox."

His thoughts churned. He wanted to snap at me he didn't need to pretend because
he fucking loved me, but that wasn't what he said. He went from tears to anger
to this fucked up resignation in the space of a couple of minutes, fuck he was
exhausting. "What can't you do anymore?" he whispered with his eyes closed. He
was waiting for the final blow just like I was waiting for him to walk away.

"I can't keep lying to you. I can't pretend that I don't care about you. I can't
keep lying to myself about wanting more. If it means it's over Nox, that's fine.
But you have to know why before I'll let you leave." He was losing it again. The
anger gone, replaced with broken parts - with anxiety, depression but mostly
self doubt.

"What about your revenge?"

"I don't know Nox. I might go back to hating you again tomorrow. But last night
reminded me how fucking much I wanted this to work. And it wasn't the sex." He
smirked, "Though, that was amazing." Nox grinned at me, I was making progress.
"We have issues. Both of us. We hurt each other. I'm hoping that now that we
both know we can mend some of those hurts. But we can't do that if you walk out
the door."

My stomach rumbled. Nox dropped his gaze to the floor and asked, "What if we
both walked out together and we went to get something to eat?"

I sighed with relief at the change of subject. "Yeah, pretty boy. I think we can
do that." I felt a little better, he looked a little better. But this was by no
means fixed. But at least we agreed to try. At least that's what I got out of
it. Fuck. I didn't even know how to process what happened.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMzQ4OTY0ODM1XX0=
-->