#  Returning the Favor

I didn't actually go to Alex's fancy apartment, his fucking friend had me
running again. Who the fuck did she think she was? But the fact that she was
looking for him was also concerning.

I eventually made it back to my apartment where my brothers were laughing in the
kitchen. "You better not be making a mess." I shouted from the doorway.

Rider laughed. "Would we do that, big brother?" he said as he was tossing flour
all over his black shirt.

I rolled my eyes, "I hope you didn't ruin your shirt."

Rider looked down and grinned. "I just got back from the gym. It's gross
anyway." He came up to me smear his sweat and flour covered fingers in my face.
I leaned away from him with a disgusted face and he laughed.

That was my little brother? Laker was making something and it smelled good.
"Whatchya making?" I asked.

"I'm throwing a little twist on your garlic lemon chicken, making it a thicker
sauce and creamer. I know carbs, but not everyone is afraid of them."

I grinned. "I'm not afraid of them, they defile this temple." I flexed an arm
and leg for them but without shorts on the effect was lost. Though both of my
brothers laughed.

Laker rolled his eyes, "Such an egomaniac."

I nodded. "You betcha, you got what I do, you flaunt it." I said flinging my
hoodie from my shoulders. It fell to the floor and Rider started counting out
loud.

He got to four before I was bending down to pick it up. I sighed. "Yeah, yeah, I
got it."

Rider laughed, "It's okay bro. I'm just teasing. Ryan stopped by left a bunch of
things on your bed, he didn't want us snooping through it out here I guess."

"It's vampire business, the less you know the better!" I said.

Laker asked from the kitchen, "What if we want to hunt?"

"We'll talk about that when you are eighteen." I said.

"Why then?" Rider asked.

"Because then your Dad can't say no. You'll have to go back to school though." I
said.

"Just like college. A crash course in monsters and fighting."

"And killing." I corrected.

Their eyes went wide and I nodded as I headed for my room. "Call me when dinner
is ready." I said shutting the door behind me.

As I was walking I started texting Alex. I really needed to talk to him.

N: Need to talk. Are you okay? Just saw your fake friend, what a piece of work!

I didn't expect to get an answer so when I was inside my room I set my phone on
the nightstand and when I looked up I saw there was a stack of paper sitting on
my bed. Fuck! I needed a shower, but Ant's favor was staring me in the face now,
and with a sigh I sat down on my bed and grabbed the top few pages and started
browsing through it.

There were security images of a man stealing a book from an office.

Among the fragments on paper, Ant had been able to get an ID on the man. He was
one Deacon LeClaire, he'd was out on parole and already had a warrant for his
arrest for hopping state lines. He wasn't human, I could see that from his
pictures. He was a dragon. And he was stealing from vampires. This was not good.
There were all sorts of politics involved. I wondered if Ant knew he was a
dragon.

I made a note on that as I flipped through more things. I'd have to see if he
was in the Venatori registry, but I couldn't do that from here, I didn't have an
inside connection. That was the only drawback I had run across to living outside
the compound so far.

Ant must have gotten Sage to track the guys credit card or had facial
recognition following him, but they didn't have a destination at present. They
hadn't seen him in a few days. Nothing was coming up. I wondered how long Ant
had been tracking him, I can't imagine Cari would go on vacation with this guy
on the loose. Unless she didn't know about it. A secret. I didn't like secrets,
it was like lying. And I hated lying. I sighed. Ant better not expect me to keep
this a secret from his mother.

I threw all of the sightings locations and threw them on to the mapping software
Sage and conveniently installed on my computer and all the other information
that he'd pulled in. It was good having a hacker friend. I had a bunch of Last
Phoenix data I started plugging in. Dragons, and vampires and I had a hunch that
there were other factions of supernatural involved in this - probably even
Venatori. I wondered how deep it truly ran.

The map was of the whole United States, there were even some things in Europe
that came up. I didn't like this. Ant wanted me to do my thing. So I needed to
find the pattern. Where was he going? They didn't know where he was right now
which means he probably shifted his appearance. That was a problem with Dragons,
they didn't have to have the same human form, most did for a few years before
the necessity to change for society demanded they change names and faces. It was
harder for vampires to do that. Most of them moved from city to city every 10
years or so. Weres lived longer, but they tended to age more like humans. I
think the oldest therian recorded was 150. So still unusual, but easier to stay
in the same place.

I stared at the pins on the maps on and off between reading some of the other
documents that Ant had supplied me. Most of it was on the guys arrests. He was a
thief. But he'd never actually gotten caught for it. He was good at his
profession, most dragons were. Years and years to do perfect it.

Laker stuck his head in, "Dinner's ready."

I nodded, "Uh huh." I said as I kept reading and working through the dots on the
map. It wasn't something I could force. My gift didn't work like magic. It was
as much a logic puzzle as it was a pattern. I had to find other information on
the man, like where he called home. Where they had caught him, and why? Most
Dragons were caught near home because the cops recognized them.

Twenty minutes after Laker had told me dinner was ready he was carrying a plate
into my room. "You hungry?"

I looked up from my computer and my stomach growled. "Yeah I guess so."

"I know it's out of sync, but it's good." He said. "Rider is learning to be a
good cook."

I smiled at my brother as I took the plate from him and grabbed a brussel sprout
that my brother had coated in his creamy lemon and garlic sauce. Laker was
leaving. "Hey." He stopped and turned around, "Give my compliments to the chef."

Laker beamed with pride. "I will." He didn't shut the door behind me and Fee
sauntered in from the kitchen licking her lips and circling my feet.

"What didn't they feed you?" I asked.

She shot her tail up and then snubbed the boys. Rider pushed the door open, "You
really liked it?" He was excited.

I nodded. "I do. I take it Fee did too?"

Rider looked at the cat pushing against my plate. "Yeah she wanted more, but I
didn't give it to her, i didn't know the rules on seconds. We don't want our
girl to get fat." Rider was watching the strange looking cat and she threw her
butt in the air at my brother and walked over the papers.

"Fee!" I scowled and tossed her across the room with a quick push of air. "I
did't do it. Go piss on them not me!"

She hissed and jumped on the window sill and scratched at the window. "Ophelia,
I will leave you outside for the night if you don't stop right now." She didn't
listen and scratched more.

Rider sighed, "I'll give her more."

"No you won't." I said. "She can't behave and wants to be a cat then she doesn't
get any more to eat. Dry kibble for her for the week."

Rider giggled. "She doesn't think you are serious." He said as she was
scratching again.

I stood up quickly and grabbed the stupid cat but her middle and she growled and
hissed at me. Her body was rigid and she was trying to scratch me. "I don't know
what's gotten into you." I opened the sliding glass door to the balcony and I
tossed her into a chair. I pulled a bowl and added water to it in mid-air as it
floated towards me and I set it down on the floor. Then I shut the glass door
and wove a box of air around her so she couldn't jump from the balcony or
scratch the door. "You can stay outside!"

Fee tried to escape and when she realized what was going on she howled. I threw
up a sound barrier around her so she wouldn't bother the neighbors. She'd learn.
I wasn't going to deal with a pissy cat right now I had enough problems.

Rider and Laker closed the curtains on the glass door. "If it's open you'll take
her out. And she's in trouble. It's what Mom would do to us."

I laughed. "Mom would throw you outside?"

"Well no, but you get the idea."

I nodded, yeah I guess I did. "Rider," I patted my brother on the shoulder,
"Great job." I tapped my other brother on his shoulder, "Good job. I know you
helped."

Laker beamed at me. "We both cooked. It was Rider's idea though, so I wanted him
to get the credit."

I grinned. "You were too happy I liked it."

He smiled. "Thanks bro." Rider was beaming too.

"You both did good. I'm going to miss you after this month. I'm going to grab a
shower, maybe we can hang afterwards."

"You are working, Nox. We are okay. We were going to hit a movie with some of
the guys we met on the court."

"Friends? Or more?" I asked.

Rider and Laker both blushed, "Friends, there are no girls coming. We promise."

"And I'm assuming you don't have any feelings for these boys?"

They both shook their heads still blushing. "We don't like boys, Nox."

"Just making sure." I smiled. "Whatever rules your Dad has, you know they apply
here right?"

"We know. Dad was clear, no girls while we were with you. He didn't want us
learning anything from you. He called you some kind of player! He wouldn't
elaborate though. I think he was keeping a secret for someone else." Rider said.

Laker added, "Yeah, he never said why he didn't want us learning from you. It
had nothing to do with you liking boys though."

I smiled, "It's okay if you do you know."

"We don't. At least I don't." Rider said.

Laker didn't answer. I smiled at him, "It's okay to not know too. If you have
questions, about anything I'm here. Both of you."

Laker laughed, "That's what Dad is afraid of I think."

"Well, I'm here. Be safe and don't do anything stupid. And if you do have sex,
make sure you have condoms, there is a stash in my bedside drawer feel free to
take some if you need them." I didn't say anything more as I headed in my room.
I'd leave them with the embarrassment I'd put them through. I hope they really
did understand I'd be there for them for anything.
Scene Break
 Fucked Up Situation (Alex)

We walked a few blocks to Bonnie's little diner across from the AU building. I
listened to his little tirade in his head. He was trying to make himself normal
when all I could hear was the sadness in his head. The fucking depression and
anxiety that was all encompassing. He was a fucking mess and there was nothing I
could do, I only made it worse. This was a mistake. I should have let him walk
out the door. But we were here I'd try to make the best of it. I took his hand
in mine hoping to quell his thoughts, and offered. "Do you want me to stop
reading you? Not that I think I can, but I could try."   
  
He shook his head. "No. But remember my thoughts are my own. If they bother you,
you don't have to read them."   
  
I nodded, that was a lot easier said than done, "Maybe I should just go, leave
you to your thoughts." There was no way I could stay out of his head, I didn't
even want to think about trying. It might be like him shielding, and I didn't
want to risk it anymore than he did.   
  
Nox stopped and turned to me. There was so much sadness in his voice. "I don't
want you to go. I just don't want you to get mad at me because my thoughts are a
mess." And so much anger as he turned and headed for the diner. "But you do what
you want, obviously I'm selfish."   
  
He really wasn't going to let that go was he? I grabbed his arm, "Fuck Nox.
Can't we just have breakfast without fighting."   
  
"I'd like to." He pulled out of my grip and winked out harshly. It hurt when he
disappeared like that. It was like someone had cut off my hand.   
  
"You didn't have to do that."

"I did. You don't want to see my selfish thoughts, so now you get to see what
everyone else does." There was no proprietary holding the door, he just walked
in and let the door close behind him. I followed catching the door as it swung
closed.

Bonnie greeted us, "Hey Nox. Alex." She sounded surprised to see us both
together.   
  
I took my usual seat and Nox looked back at what I knew was his and he said
nothing as he slid in across from me. One small win.   
  
Bonnie came to our table and smiled,and started rattling off today's specials.
"Your usuals boys?" She asked.   
  
Nox nodded and I looked at him before answering Bonnie, "Yes please."   
  
Bonnie took our orders and left us alone with a glass of water a peice. The
tension between us was growing by the minute. I had to say something to break
the silence, "You come here often?"   
  
"I used to come here everyday when I was younger. It was an easy respite from
the chaos that is the dorms so I could study without someone trying to make
trouble." He answered and countered with his own question. "How long you been
coming here?"   
  
He was going to love my answer, I gave him a half smile as I told him the truth,
"For as long as I've been following you."   
  
"Oh." Nox sounded unsure of himself. His curt answer bringing up more memories
than either of cared for but I knew he wanted to talk, no needed to.

I started to tell him he could, "Nox…" But he cut me off.

"I don't want to talk about it Alex. I don't want to fight." He changed the
subject quickly, "Why do you have two apartments? I mean, do you rent them both,
or have you lived in New York long?"   
  
"I told you one's a business one." We'd gone over this already.   
  
"Right, but why don't you just have one? Seems like a lot of wasted money to
me." He said.   
  
"I have money to waste. But I only pay for one, the other is bought and paid
for. I haven’t been in New York long. Only since December."   
  
"And you already bought a house? Must really like it here." He was asking more
questions than I liked about things I'd rather not talk about.

And I spoke without thinking, "Actually I hate this city."   
  
His frown spoke volumes but I wished I could hear inside his head as he spoke.
"I'm sorry." I could imagine the self doubt and hatred   
  
And yet my big mouth kept making it worse, "I'd say it's not your fault, but
it's part of the reason."   
  
"And the other part?" he asked.

Bonnie brought us our coffee and set down a pot for us to refill with at need.
"Your food will be ready soon darlings."   
  
"Thank you Bonnie." I said as I watched her leave us alone to fight. "Uh. A
woman I was seeing died here." I was so done with this conversation. I didn't
want to talk to him about her again. I'd spilled my guts to him once and look
where it got me.   
  
"I'm sorry. Were you close?" He asked.   
  
"What's will all the questions, Nox?" I was not sorry I was rude.

"You say I never ask, so I'm asking." And just like that we were back to where
we were.   
  
I should have said nothing, but my own bitterness took over, "Shit! Well don't,
Nox. I don't want to talk about me." I never wanted to talk about me. It wasn't
my thing. He wanted to talk about me because he didn't want to think what, he
was selfish?   
  
Nox nodded, "Which is why I never asked." He knew me better than I knew myself.
How the fuck did he do that. He didn't remember shit about me, about us. And he
knew I didn't want to talk about me. He knew my birthday. He knew my fucking
name. This was a fucking disaster. And it only got worse as Nox stood up and
dropped cash from his wallet on to the table."We'll try this again some other
time. Enjoy breakfast. I'll call you later." He said as he walked out the door.
I watched him get to the edge of the sidewalk and then he was just gone. Gone
from my head, my sight like he never fucking existed.

I couldn't stay here. But I wasn't going to let good food go to waste. There was
more than enough money on the table to pay for our meals. I waited for Bonnie to
deliver our meals. Nox had ordered steak and eggs and I had my pancakes and ice
cream. I had Bonnie box it all up and I took it with me.

Bonnie was worried about us - about both of us. She cared for her regulars, but
I could tell she was worried about Nox more than me. Everyone fucking pandered
to him and his fucking mood swings. I was so sick of it.

I walked back to my apartment and left the food with Joe, the door man. He could
do what he wanted with it. He thanked me profusely as I headed up to my
apartment. It was about fucking time I left this fucking city. I'd call Poet and
tell him the bad news. I just couldn't anymore...
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTU0NDE0NzI1OV19
-->