#  Desperate

I saw the pile of work on my bed and I knew I needed a shower. My mind wandered
to other things I could use my bed for and I sighed. Alex still hadn't gotten
back to me. But I pushed work from my mind and I took that much needed shower
after eating the rest of my plate. The boys had done well. I might not need to
cook the whole time they were here.

My shower was relaxing but I was still missing Alex. I tried not to think about
things. About him but he was never far from my mind. It was funny now that I
knew how to find those dreams so easily I could fall into them with ease.

They always started the same way, with me in the room a small boy, my greatest
fear. That I was a monster. Every time. I saw flash after flash of me in the
same room with the monster costume on and the building blocks scattered across
the floor. Sometimes though I was picking them up when Alex came to me. I always
smelled him first. Always caught that comforting smell that told me he was
there. I tried to hide it, let him think he was sneaking up on me.

As we got older I could see how we were more than friends. I knew things about
Alex. Things that didn't surprise me. There were fights of course. But never
long lived. Making up was fun. I could get lost in this place between dreams and
reality. I was so fucking in love with Alex and this only proved that I had been
for a long time. Why did it take me so long to remember him?

By the time I pulled myself out of the shower and into a pair of boxers and tank
top Rider was poking his head in. "We are going out now. We'll be back by 1
alright?"

I nodded. "No later."

He nodded, "We know." I knew it was later than Jesse let them, but I was okay
with that. They had their phones and I could find them if necessary.

I cleared the bed of all the paper but left my laptop on one side of the bed and
curled around a pillow and stared at the screen. I could drift off to sleep but
I was trying to figure out something for Ant and I could see it, but I wasn't
feeling it. I needed a little more time. But my mind kept wandering. Why wasn't
Alex sending me any messages back. His fake friend was looking for him, so where
did he go? I sighed and pulled my phone from the night stand and looked at all
the messages I'd sent him. Maybe Ant was right?

I shook my head and frowned, No. I sent Alex a flurry of texts. Probably more
than I needed to.

N: Margo is helping me remember my dreams. I remember our first kiss, and our
first time - both my firsts if you can count a dream encounter

N: I'm so sorry I don't remember all those times. I wish I did. I hate thinking
about what you had to think of me back then.

N: I want to remember all of them. Please help me.

It was a cry for help or attention. All I knew was that I needed Alex to help me
remember him. It was…

As I was drifting I saw the destination. The man wasn't from Vegas, but he
called Vegas his home, he always drifted back there, every time. I needed the
distraction of Alex to see the pattern to look at it different. He was going to
Vegas.

I sighed as I rolled on to my back closing the laptop lid. I curled up on my
other side around an extra pillow and wished it was Alex. I wanted him to be
here in my empty bedroom so badly. This place was too big for Drake and me. And
right now it was too big for just me. I felt the depression sinking in. The lack
of desire, the need for comfort and the one person I wanted wasn't around. Fuck.
I sent Alex one more text. One more plea for him to help me.

N: Alex, I'm worried something's happened to you please call or text. Any hour.

I hoped he'd call or text or something. If he thought this was over I wish he'd
say something. And then a thought dawned on me, what if he threw the phone away,
or smashed it. I could call him and if it went directly to voicemail I'd know.
But it could just be dead, so I didn't. I didn't need to torture myself. I
sighed. Alex, where are you? I thought to myself as I closed my eyes and hoped
that I could dream about him before the nightmares took me. Fuck being hurt
worse, I needed him.Scene Break




<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTM0MDQ3ODY0XX0=
-->