#  Ant's Favor Returned

My dreams were epic until they weren't. I remembered more of the things I'd
forgotten with Alex. I remembered the first time we met and how much I needed a
friend after Mushu died. I remembered it in a sad way. Mushu dying, but finding
my imaginary friend there was a paramount moment in my life. He gave me hope.
That maybe someone would love me. And then the nightmares started and I don't
remember anything more.

I wish I knew why. Why was I blocking Alex? I knew there had to be a good
reason. And deep down in my gut I knew it had to do with Garrett. I would find
out. I'd probably need Margo's help.

My nightmares were even epic, on the other side of the scale so not really epic,
what's the opposite? I sighed as I laid in bed staring at the ceiling. I should
find some blood red sheets, I'd have to wash less then.

It was still dark, Ant was up. I tugged my phone off the charger and dialed
Ant's number by heart. It rang a few times before he picked up. "I was just
thinking about you." He answered.

"Good things, I hope?"

"Curious things." He laughed.

"Oh really?"

"Yeah. You had a bad night didn't you?"

"Yeah." I nodded though I knew Ant couldn't see. "I was thinking I should get
some blood red sheets."

Ant chuckled. "I don't think it would hide the blood any better. And you clean
it with your magic anyway, no one knows."

"I guess."

"You okay?" Ant asked.

"Perfect -ly lonely and falling into a depression I can feel it. The paranoia is
seeping in and it's making the anxiety worse. I need to go for a run. A nice
long one that lasts forever."

"You can't run forever."

I sighed. "I can make it feel like it, though."

Ant chuckled again, "I can take you to the beach and you can finish that window
you are working onScene Break
 A Tour

I finished eating and then moved into the kitchen to start cleaning up. Alex
raised his eyes brow questioningly. "You cooked. I can clean up."

I nodded. "I know you can. But I don't take care of it, it'll drive me nuts. The
whole change thing, the patterns mess up cause it's outta order. I'll be better
with in a sad way. Mushu dying, but finding
my imaginary friend there was a paramount moment in my life. He gave me hope.
That maybe someone would love me. And then the nightmares started and I don't
remember anything more.

I wish I knew why. Why was I blocking Alex? I knewt cleaned up, now instead of later."

Alex sighed. "You really are a pain in the ass." He said as he got up off the
stool and started collecting the dishes.

"Not yet." I grinned and hip checked Alex at the sink as he moved in next to me
to wash the dishes.

"Go put the food away. I'll have it later."

"Yes, sir." I pressed a kiss to his temple and wrapped the re had to be a good
reason. And deep down in my gut I knew it had to do with Garrett. I would find
out. I'd probably need Margo's help.

My nightmares were even epic, on the other side of the scale so not really epic,
what's the opposite? I sighed as I laid in bed staring at the ceiling. I should
find some blood red sheets, I'd have to wash less then.

It was still dark, Ant was up. I tugged my phone off the charger and dialed
Ant's number by heart. It rang a few times before he picked up. "I was just
thinmaining chicken
rolls in tin foil and put the pasta and pesto in separate bowls.

Alex sighed when he saw me putting the three things in the fridge. "You could
have put it all in one thing."

"No way. Then the pasta drinks all the pesto sauce. And the chicken gets all
mushy. This way you can just pop the chicken in the oven for ten and warm and
melt the cheese again. You can microwave the pasta and the pesto together but
I'd just do the pasta and keep the pesto cold, maybe mix in some more olive oil
to thin it out a little."

Alex dried his hands on paper towels. "I'm going to go with my first statement.
You are a pain in the ass."

I smirked. "And I'm still going with, Not yet."

Alex groaned, "Alright, come on. Tour first and then I want dessert."

"Hey, I'm not a piece of meat." I joked.

Alex eyed me and reached for my hoodie and unzipped it pushing it from my
shoulders. "I'll be the judge of that."

He was obviously checking abme out you." He answered.

"Good things, I hope?"

"Curious things." He laughed.

"Oh really?"

"Yeah. You had a bad night didn't you?"

"Yeah." I nodded though I knew Ant couldn't see. "I was thinking I should get
some blood red sheets."

Ant chuckled. "I don't think it would hide the blood any better. And you clean
it with your magic anyway, no one knows."

"I guess."

"You okay?" Ant asked.

"Perfect -ly lonely and falling into a depression I can feel it. The paranoia is
seeping in and it's making the anxiety worse. I need to go for a run. A nice
long one that lasts forever."

"You can't run forever."

I sighed. "I can make it feel like it, though."

Ant chuckled again, "I can take you to the beach and you can finish that window
you are working onand I was more than happy to have his eyes all
over me. Fuck I wanted more than his eyes all over me.

Alex growled. "Come on." He stumbled away from me and grabbed his guitar. "This
way." He pointed to the door farthest from us. "That's the spare bedroom, I use
for an office." He didn't show it to me. He put his guitar in the other hand and
pointed to the other end of the room. "The only bathroom is down this way." He
started walking in that direction.

The bathroom was nice. It had a shower and a bath off to the side of it but in a
separate room for the both. It was kinda cozy. The bathroom was big
comparatively speaking. We walked back towards the one door we'd walked past.
"This is my room."

He pushed open the door and I smelled him. And nothing else as he lead me
inside. He didn't shut the door as he put his guitar on the stand in the corner.
His bed wasn't made, it was a mess. But other than that it was neat and tidy.
Alex sighed, "I wasn't expecting guests."

I shrugged. "It doesn't bother me. You leave it a mess all the time so it look
fine."

"But you make your's."

"But I've always made mine. It was a rule growing up, kinda like boot camp and
the military."

Alex nodded knowingly, "Okay, you sure."

I nodded and sat down on top of the mussed up bed. "Yeah, no need to worry about
making it messier." I grinned at him, "I assume that is part of the goal?"

Alex shook his head and pulled me off as he tossed the blankets to the other
side of the and flopped face first on top of his pillows. "I was serious, my
neck hurts now."

I rolled my eyes. "NSo that's okay. I worked your favor last night. I had to
sleep though. Deacon should be in Vegas. He seems to always hole up at some low
rent joint just off the strip. He goes by different alias's but it's always that
same joint, it might be family. I'll send you the info in the text."

Ant was making notes as I spoke and he nodded, "I have to go take care of this
for Johnny, you going to be alright for a few days without me at your beck and
call."

I laughdramatic." I tugged at his t-shirt as he laid their. "If
you want a proper back rub you need to lose the shirt."

He rolled over and looked up and me and the view went straight to my cock. Alex
smirked as he stood up and tossed his shirt into the corner after he pulled it
up over his head. He reached around me and grabbed my pholne up at some low
rent joint just off the strip. He goes by different alias's but it's always that
same joint, ifrom my back pocket.
"I'm going to put this on Do Not Disturb" He looked at me to make sure I wasn't
panicking, "You're alarms should still come through."

I nodded. "I know. I use it at mnight be family. I'll send you the info in the text."

Ant was making notes as I spoke and he nodded, "I have to go take care of this
for Johnny, you going to be alright for a few days without me at your beck and
call."

Alex smiled. "This okay?" He set my phone on the nightstand and set his next to
it after fiddling with his own settings. I nodded when he looked at me. He
smirked, "Good now you are all mine."

"I was already all yours." I said softly.

Alex shook his head. "No you would have left if someone told you something
happened on your big case."

I lashrughged,. "You are just a phone call away."

"I'm just a call away." Ant agreed. "If you need immediate assistance you can
call my Dad. He can help you out any hour unlike me."

"Yeah I'm going to call the third scariest vampire in the middle of the day so
he can come baby sit some little vampire I find."

Ant laughed, "He's only third eh?"

"You are second." I said with a smile, then added, "But you don't even throw a
shadow against your mother's scariness."

Ant snorted as he laughed hard, "I'll have to tell her that. I think she feels
the same about you. Her first scariest nightmare, maybe her second, since fire
is pretty big fear."

"I need to crawl out of bed and get moving or I'll start to have a panic attack.
I'll talk with you when you get back." I said and after Ant's 'later' I hung up.
And I did crawl out of bed and I did yoga in my bedroom, and then took a shower.
I was running a little late, so I grabbed a coffee from the shop across the
street and then headed to the AU build'll never know now - will you?" I shoved Alex gently and he sat
down. I spun my finger so he'd lie on his stomach.

"Bossy, I swear!" He laughed as he laid down with his hand underneath his cheek
He kicked off his shoes and I shoved them to the floor. He closed his eyes. "The
mess isn't gonna make you agitated will it?"

"I'll let you know when things start getting too much, alright? You don't have
to keep askindg."

Ant laughed, "He's only third eh?"

"You are second." I said with a smile, then added, "But you don't even throw a
shadow against your mother's scariness."

Ant snorted as he laughed hard, "I'll have to tell her that. I think she feels
He rolled on to his side just as I was about to sit on his hot rear. He smirked
up at me. "I don't want to freak you out at all, Nox. Not even a little. I want
this to go well."

"It's going great. I'll let you know when it gets too much. I promise, I'm not
fragile."

Alex sighed and laid back down, "You could have fooled me." Alex settled again
and I sat down with a leg on either same about you. Her first scariest nightmare, maybe her second, since fire
is pretty big fear."

"I need to crawl out of bed and get moving or I'll start to have a panic attack.
I'll talk with you when you get back." I said and after Ant's 'later' I hung up.
And I did crawl out of bed and I did yoga in my bedroom, andide of his back and sitting on his ass. I
used a little fire and air to warm my hands before I touched Alex's back. I
could make them cold or use electricity to create unique effects but I figured
the basics were all we needed considering I was pretty sure he wasn't in any
real pain. Though I wasn't going to pretend that I didn't want to be doing this.
My body was almost shaking as I touched him the first time. My fingers kneading
into then took a shower.
I was running a little late, so I grabbed a coffee from the shop across the
street and then headed to the AU buildense muscles of his neck.

I spoke softly as I worked the neck muscles of the man underneath me, "There has
just been a lot of stress the past few days. I'm not usually quite so volatile.
You make me nervous among other things."

"Why do I make you nervous?" Alex asked ing at a leisurely walk. The sun was much more relaxed voice than I'd
heardly up and that was fine with me. My brothers didn't need me to feed them,
though I probably should have asked how their guys night out went. I'd have to
remember to do it when I got home.

I had too much on my mind so I threw myself into work- even if it was way before
eight in the morning. I had a job to do and I had to figure out what these other
people were doing, and check in with the team to see if we had all the bombs in
check. Fuck there was a lot of work to do. from him since I'd met him. He was home. In his own space, and relaxed. I
liked him like this.

"I don't date. I don't take guys numbers and keep them, much less call them
back. I haven't been with a guy in a few years. It's just all new and yet you
make me feel safe and like I've done this a thousand times before. I know it
sounds crazy but you smell and feel like home."

Alex just groaned as I hit a particularly tight knot and worked on it as I
worked my way lower from his neck down his back. He'd given me a tour of his
place and now I was using my fingers to tour his body. I'd done it a little
before, but this was with a purpose. I was memorizing every tense spot, and
ticklish spot and cataloging each groan and shift of his body. Alex was
completely relaxed underneath me and I thought I heard him snore a few times
before he woke himself up.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTUxMjEzMzRdfQ==
-->