#  Head Honcho Sucks

I waScene Break
 It's eEarly. I worked on the things Dae'lin had on my desk the bits and pieces
of reports sh

Alex fell asleep and I sat staring down at him just watching his chest rise wanted information on. Boring but mostly just notes on things I'd
found out. And I hadn't found much out working on this case so it was pretty
quick work. I noticed Dad and Bernstein were doing a lot of meetings here
recently and I figured I needed to follow up with Kai at some point soon. But
not right now, one thing at a time. Bombs were first priority.

The fish bowl was still how I left it the day before when I stepped inside.
Nobody touched anything which was good, but it also left me wondering if
anything got handled.

I sat down and dialed Walker's number. It rang four times before a very sleepy
voice answered, "Yeah?"

I glanced at the time on my phone then put it back to my ear, "You always sleep
past 9am?"

"Who is this?" He asked.

"Nox Sétanta."

"Oh, fuck, yeah. No. I mean. I don't usually sleep thisd
fall. I was afraid to move and wake him but I had to go to the bathroom. Fucking
biological functions interrupting things. I slide slowly off the side of the bed
and he grumbled a little before I was out the door. I whispered, "I'll be right
back."

And for all intensive purposes I was. I just went to the bathroom. I didn't even
check to see if my eyeliner was smeared. I heard Alex waking up and I didn't
want to worry him. But as I stepped back inside the bedroom I saw hism late. Harvard and I were
out late last night finding a fucking well disguised bomb in an equally well
disguised tunnel. Was a fucking nightmare."

"So do you know if they got them all?"

Walker paused. Probably shruggooking
around in a panic. "I'd never leave without waking you first." I said. "I just
had to go to the bathroom."

He didn't say anything as he waggled his shoulders before he remembered I couldn't
see him, "I don't know, man. We got three, we had cased. I think the other teams
got theirs but I don't know."

I nodded, "Who knows who went out?"

"The legal lady?" Walker yawned.

"Alright. I'll call her." I didn't bothfinger and rolled over into the middle
of the bed and pulled me down next to him when I gave him my hands. Alex was
shaking. "You okay?" I whispered against his neck.

"A bad memory, that's all. I'm better waiting for a goodbye and hung up. I
had to do a directory search for Anabel Dowager, I didn't have her in my phone,
why would I?

"Hello?" the phone picked up.

"I need to speak with Anabel Dowager." I replied formally. I hated being formal.

"May I ask who is calling?"

"Nox Sétanta."

"In reference to what?"

"Work!"

"She'll be in her office in an hour."

"Yeah well, I'm not going to wait a fucking hour for bombs to goh you right here. Don't do that again
okay?"

I nodded. "I think I can manage that." I smirked at up at him.

Alex smiled at me and pressed a soft kiss to my lips. The soft kiss evolved
quickly into teeth and tongues and a frenzy of all the fucking times we'd
stalled out ing to wait a fucking hour for bombs to gohe middle things. Alex ended up lying on top off that should
have been found last night, so why don't you tell her what I said and geme, his body
pressing into mine. Our hips pushing against t her on
the phone so we don't have a fucking legal nightmare and a massive coverup to
do."

The man on the other side of the held the phone against his chest and yelled.
"Anabel, you've got some idiot boy on the phone saying somether looking for friction as
we kissed deep. Alex shifted and I tilted my head so he could get at my neck and
I shivered as his tongue and lips trailed down over my jaw to a spot on my neck
that Alex worried with his teeth and then ran his tongue over someothing about bombs and
messes. Do you want to take it?" Did they think we couldn't hear? Fucking
Venatori have good ears. I was a sour mood now. Thiit.
Sucking and biting and I couldn't help the sounds that left my lips was going to end badly now
being tossed around with no answers.

I heard my
fingers dug into the skin of his back.

Alex grabbed ther reply but I couldn't make out the words, but I didn't need to with
dick head repeating it, "She said she'd give you a call back in 5 minutes."

"Alright, if something blows up in hem of my t-shirt and yanked it over my head, my arms above my
head and he smirked as his left my arms in the shirt and I had to untangle
myself but his fingers were running that time frame I'm blaming you." And I hung
up.

I knew I was in a rare mood. But I didn't care. Having to follow up on people
who didn't give a shit was not a fun thing.

I sat down with my laptop and pulled up the feeds at all the red Xs and saw
everything in tact at least nothing had gone off. The man planting them was dead
and with them hopefully the detonator as well. I would hate to see a bomb go off
now that we had noe length of my chest over the claw marks
there. He took a deep breathe and shimmied down and kissed the marks on my
chest. "You didn't tell me the bear got you too."

I tried to think when I had mentioned the bear. But Alex's fingers and tongue
were distracting and I couldn't think beyond his touch. I reached into Alex's
hair with one to hand over to the authorities.

It was ten minutes when Anabel Dowager walked into the fishbowl with a glare
directed at me. "You have no right to worry my husband."

"And since when is any Vand he grabbed my wrists and pressed them above my head and
kissed me long and hard pinning me still benenatori off duty?" I asked.

She gave me that look that said I was right but she wasn't going to admit it and
then sat down across from me, "What was so important this morning you had to
call me."

"Did we find allh him. "Now I need to start all
over." His voice was deep with lust and I withered underneath him. "Stay put."
He said as he moved from my lips to my neck. He nipped allt the bombs yesterday?"

Anabel shrugged, "How would I know?"

"You sent teams out, don't they respot he'd been
playing with before and I tried not to groan at the tender sport back? You were handling the bomb tech?
You are the one in charge of that. It's your responsibility, I'm following up as
is mine as lead."

She signed and picked up the phone on the table and dialed a number then glare
at me as she leaned back in her chair casually. "Dante, did you get everything
done last nighas he moved down
to pay attention to the scars along my chest. He took a nipple in his mouth and
ran his tongue around hit before he bit softly at first, and then again harder,
over again until I was arching my back and he moved to the other one and was
paid the same through attention to it."

I heard a heavy yet quiet voice on the other end. "Yes, Ms. Dowager, we did. All
the bombs have been identified and brought in for testing. They are a curious
make. We aren't sure how they detonate."

"You fucking brought bombs you didn't detonate into the AU building wHe worked his way lower until he was running his tongue along the rim of my
belly button. I was whimpering by the time he delved his tongue into the center
of my belly and it felt like he was doing wthere we
have 80% of our future race living?" I growled.

"Who is that?" Dante asked.

"Nox Sétanta. Lead on the mission. He's slightly rude."

"Tell Nox that we got them encas same thing to my cock each time.

Alex sat between my legs and stared at me. I met his eyes and couldn't help the
whimper that escasped in shields. He can come down and inspect them
himself Ms. Dowager. I'm sure the boys would love to see if they hold a candle
to him."

I was confused. Ms. Dowaas he just stared at me with that smirk. "I think I like
how well you behave."

I beamed at him and bit my bottom by lip. "Always."

We sat that for uncountable seconds just staring at each other. The longer I
looked at me with a smirk that said she had no
intentions of telling me. But she finished the conversation quickly and hung up.
"You wrote a paper on how to control a fire? After the dormitory kitchen caught
fire from someone else's cooking."

I nodded. It had been a punishment for cooking in the dorms him the more I wanted Alex. It wasn't just sex, he was fucking hot,
something more to it than that. It was like coming home. And when Alex leaned
down and kissed me, I was lost to that feeling. I didn't care what happened
outside of that moment. I was home.

Each kiss was heaven. Every touch made me moan. His hand giving people
the wrong ideas withs on me, my fhancy shmancy cooking skills. Instead of flambaying the
dish they flambeed theds on him
and nothing else mattered, just me and him. It had been early when whole kitchen with a blow torch. "Your paper has since
been extrapolated to containing explosives. The boys as Dante puts it are all
Air and Earth Magnus who work together to understand explosives and how we can
contain them, and assist the human bomb squads better."

I nodded rather impressed with my own work actually. But I was surprised they
knew it was mine. Dorian passed along my stuff a lot of the time. He never
claimed it, but it looked bad when the half human was showing up the full
Venatori. "Maybe I'll stop by and see their work then." I said. "Thank you for
the update. Anything else I should know?"

"I don't know, is there, Mr. Sétanta?"

"I'm going to work on these other numbers see what we can get."e had
dinner. Earlier than usual, but by the time we were both lying in each others
arms, our hearts pounding, catching our breath the sun had set and the hours
grew late. I should have gone home. I knew waking up in his bed at 4am was going
to cause problems, but his arms around me felt too good. I never wanted to
leave. I wanted to stay this moment. Never in all my life and anyone made me
feel like this. I drifted off to sleep with thoughts of blue eyes and Alex's
arms wrapped around me, his body pressed against mine and I was safe. Everything
about the morning to come I'd deal with then, right now the only thing that
mattered was Alex and me.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTQzNDExMDUzLC0xMjU0NjE3ODAzXX0=
-->