#  Head Honcho Sucks

I was early. I worked on the things Dae'lin had on my desk the bits and pieces
of reports she wanted information on. Boring but mostly just notes on things I'd
found out. And I hadn't found much out working on this case so it was pretty
quick work. I noticed Dad and Bernstein were doing a lot of meetings here
recently and I figured I needed to follow up with Kai at some point soon. But
not right now, one thing at a time. Bombs were first priority.

The fish bowl was still how I left it the day before when I stepped inside.
Nobody touched anything which was good, but it also left me wondering if
anything got handled.

I sat down and dialed Walker's number. It rang four times before a very sleepy
voice answered, "Yeah?"

I glanced at the time on my phone then put it back to my ear, "You always sleep
past 9am?"

"Who is this?" He asked.

"Nox Sétanta."

"Oh, fuck, yeah. No. I mean. I don't usually sleep this late. Harvard and I were
out late last night finding a fucking well disguised bomb in an equally well
disguised tunnel. Was a fucking nightmare."

"So do you know if they got them all?"

Walker paused. Probably shrugged his shoulders before he remembered I couldn't
see him, "I don't know, man. We got three, we had cased. I think the other teams
got theirs but I don't know."

I nodded, "Who knows who went out?"

"The legal lady?" Walker yawned.

"Alright. I'll call her." I didn't bother waiting for a goodbye and hung up. I
had to do a directory search for Anabel Dowager, I didn't have her in my phone,
why would I?

"Hello?" the phone picked up.

"I need to speak with Anabel Dowager." I replied formally. I hated being formal.

"May I ask who is calling?"

"Nox Sétanta."

"In reference to what?"

"Work!"

"She'll be in her office in an hour."

"Yeah well, I'm not going to wait a fucking hour for bombs to go off that should
have been found last night, so why don't you tell her what I said and get her on
the phone so we don't have a fucking legal nightmare and a massive coverup to
do."

The man on the other side of the held the phone against his chest and yelled.
"Anabel, you've got some idiot boy on the phone saying something about bombs and
messes. Do you want to take it?" Did they think we couldn't hear? Fucking
Venatori have good ears. I was a sour mood now. This was going to end badly now
being tossed around with no answers.

I heard her reply but I couldn't make out the words, but I didn't need to with
dick head repeating it, "She said she'd give you a call back in 5 minutes."

"Alright, if something blows up in that time frame I'm blaming you." And I hung
up.

I knew I was in a rare mood. But I didn't care. Having to follow up on people
who didn't give a shit was not a fun thing.

I sat down with my laptop and pulled up the feeds at all the red Xs and saw
everything in tact at least nothing had gone off. The man planting them was dead
and with them hopefully the detonator as well. I would hate to see a bomb go off
now that we had no one to hand over to the authorities.

It was ten minutes when Anabel Dowager walked into the fishbowl with a glare
directed at me. "You have no right to worry my husband."

"And since when is any Venatori off duty?" I asked.

She gave me that look that said I was right but she wasn't going to admit it and
then sat down across from me, "What was so important this morning you had to
call me."

"Did we find all the bombs yesterday?"

Anabel shrugged, "How would I know?"

"You sent teams out, don't they report back? You were handling the bomb tech?
You are the one in charge of that. It's your responsibility, I'm following up as
is mine as lead."

She signed and picked up the phone on the table and dialed a number then glare
at me as she leaned back in her chair casually. "Dante, did you get everything
done last night."

I heard a heavy yet quiet voice on the other end. "Yes, Ms. Dowager, we did. All
the bombs have been identified and brought in for testing. They are a curious
make. We aren't sure how they detonate."

"You fucking brought bombs you didn't detonate into the AU building where we
have 80% of our future race living?" I growled.

"Who is that?" Dante asked.

"Nox Sétanta. Lead on the mission. He's slightly rude."

"Tell Nox that we got them encased in shields. He can come down and inspect them
himself Ms. Dowager. I'm sure the boys would love to see if they hold a candle
to him."

I was confused. Ms. Dowager looked at me with a smirk that said she had no
intentions of telling me. But she finished the conversation quickly and hung up.
"You wrote a paper on how to control a fire? After the dormitory kitchen caught
fire from someone else's cooking."

I nodded. It had been a punishment for cooking in the dorms and giving people
the wrong ideas with my fancy shmancy cooking skills. Instead of flambaying the
dish they flambeed the whole kitchen with a blow torch. "Your paper has since
been extrapolated to containing explosives. The boys as Dante puts it are all
Air and Earth Magnus who work together to understand explosives and how we can
contain them, and assist the human bomb squads better."

I nodded rather impressed with my own work actually. But I was surprised they
knew it was mine. Dorian passed along my stuff a lot of the time. He never
claimed it, but it looked bad when the half human was showing up the full
Venatori. "Maybe I'll stop by and see their work then." I said. "Thank you for
the update. Anything else I should know?"

"I don't know, is there, Mr. Sétanta?"

"I'm going to work on these other numbers see what we can get."

