#  Finding a Hacker

We walked in relative silence after that. Walker coming along for what I didn't
know. I didn't really care. We hopped on the subway and got off at the closest
stop and finished the walk in silence. Walker checked his gun at his side and I
just shook my head. Guns were the first thing peopleScene Break
 What About Me?

I was almost to the door when Alex yelled from the doorway of his room, "For
someone who talks all the fucking time you have nothing to say now?

"What do you expect me to say?" I ran my fingers through my hair snagging on a
knot and frowned at the reminder of the night before with Alex's hands all
through my hair, over my body. "Thanks for ripping my heart out? You wea went for. She was a hacker.
D
confirmation that you paid hme really think she was goingback before I go?" I snapped at him.

"No I want you to hagive a goon for hire?

But then she might, she damn about me for a change. It's always working for an evil mastermind after all.

The house we walked up to was similar to Sage's brownstone he and Dee lived in.
It looked a little more run down than moabout you and
your feelings and your anxiety and your schedule. How about you show some
interest in me! Do you even care why I told you everything or are you too busy
thinking poor Nox, fucked over again, everyone uses me and he's no different."

I stared at him and said the first thingst in the neighborhood. The windows were
all blacked out, no pretty curtains. It reminded me of Sage's basement and I
wondered if it was a hacker den. Sage didn't mention it. "Wicked?"at came to my mind. "You are no
different standing there on your high horse." My body was in shock. He'd called
me selfish. Basically told me my shit was just that shit and that I wasked over
my headset.

"Sup, Nox?" He said his voice only a little strained by concentration.

"Is this a hacker den?"

"Why?"

"The windows are blacked out."

"Give me a sec." He said in short clipped words and I heard the rat-a-tat-tat of
his keyboard clacking away as he typed.

Sage came back on the line. "Nah, I only see one thing getting out of the
system. So nothing more than her. N just
being all woe is me. I never wanted him to think I was selfish.

Alex's words drew me from my own thoughts. "Do you know how many times I talked
you out of doing something stupid? Every fucking October would roll around and
I'd look forward to seeing you, and every October you were a mess. Or how many
times I had to refrain from being angry at you because I only got a little bit
of time with you before the fucking darkness took you away from me. Or the
fucking scars I had to hidea why the windows are blacked out."

I sighed. I could think of one, but this was a dragon not a vampire. I nodded
towards the front door. "You go because whatever the fuck takes you tore into me
when I tried to stop it." I wanted to collapse. It wasn't my fault I didn't
remember any of those things. I wanted to remember him. I fucking wanted to
remember him. I wanted to but I didn't, each new thing he said crushed me
further. I couldn't breath,o idea why the windows are blacked out."

I sighed. I could think of one, but this was a dragon not a vampire. I nodded
towards the front door. "You go through the front door. I'll take the back. No
killI think I muttered, "I don't remember those
things."

Walker nodded and mo"Wouldn't matter anyway Nox. You never asked anything. Not evednved with little more instruction, and he drew his gun but I
prayed he didn't need to use it. I went aroundhen my fucking
birthday was. It's always about you."

I blurted out. "You're birthday is on Halloween." I don't know how I knew that.

"So you remember things off the wall things, like my name, or my birthday. Nox.
Always at your convenience. How the bafuck and I had a pattern of
fire waiting to blast if necessary. This was a hacker, but I was a hunter and
this was my life.

The back door was locked but I used a weave of air and picked the lock like a
keydo I know you even cared. You used me
to get that thing off your back."

"I would never use you." I said on the brink of tears. I felt the tears falling
but I was fighting not to show Alex anymore weakness. It wasn't all about my
anxiety. I…

Alex left the room and I felt the wourld open it. It was a useful trick. The door squeaked as I pushed it open.
The kitchen was black, no sun through the windows to cast shadows. Everything
was already in shadows. I let go of my shields and embraced my senses. I could
smell dragon and vampire. What the fuck was vampire docollapse in on itself. I started trying
to calm down. 5 things I could see. I didn't want to open my eyes. I didn't want
to look around. The coffee pot, the leftovers, the stools we sat at. Everything
was Alex's and it was hardly calming I couldn't finish. I couldn't do the four
things I could hear, all I heard was Alex changing the sheets  the back and I had a pattern of
fire waiting to blast if necessary. This was a hacker, but I was a hunter and
this was my life.

The back door was locked but I used a weave of air and picked the lock like a
key would open it. It was a useful trick. The door squeaked as I pushed it open.
The kitchen was black, no sun through the windows to cast shadows. Everything
was already in shadows. I let go of my shields and embraced my senses. I could
smell dragon and vampire. What the fuck was vampire doing here?

I went upstairs first to clear the house. If vampires were here, they'd be in
the basement at this hour. Too many windows was too much for a little vampire
even with them blacked out.

Everything was clear. But I had no hacker up here, so I hoped Walker was
alright. I headed down stairs. Vampires and dragons? I still couldn't believe
it. Ant wasn't going to like this. I wasn't even able to call him. I was going
to have to call Tony.

"Hey Wicked?"

"Yeah Nox?" He said on the other end, he was still busy.

"I need to call Tony, can you do that for me, I'm a bit busy."

Sage didn't respond but my phone started ringing in my ear. I loved having a
hacker for a best friend I thought to myself as I headed down into the basement.
I heard a gun shot go off just as Tony picked up, "Yes?"

"Hey Tony, it's Nox. Can you come to me as soon as possible. I think I got a
vamp in a dragon home and Ant's busy, and it's daylight. I ah… gotta go. Wicked
help him find me." I added as I barreled down the stairs a fireball at the
ready. There was a girl standing in the doorway of a room at the end of the
basement, Walker was clutching his neck and chained to the wall was a hungry
vampire clamouring to reach either the girl or Walker.

I wasted no time and wrapped Walker in the elements, I shoved his hand aside
with flick of air and he protested only then to notice it wasn't bleeding and he
could feel the healing effects of what I was doing. I looked at the girl who was
turning to go back in the room and I flung her door shut with a quick thread of
air and she stared at me as I pinned her to the door with another weave. "You
aren't going anywhere duckling."

The baby vampire thrashed as it couldn't reach either of it's prey but as I
stepped closer its attention was on me. I let my power flood the room. I was
bigger, I was badder. I heard both Walker and the girl gasp as my power reached
them. The vampire only fell to his knees and cowered in fear. It was a handy
trick. And in that moment a man walked out of the shadows. At first I thought it
was Ant, but as he drew near I saw it was his father. Tony. He stopped and
stared at me, "Never knew you had this kinda power boy." He said as he stepped
closer to the baby vampire. "I'll make sure he's taken care of. He won't be able
to hurt anyone in Sanctuary."

"Is he one of yours?"

Tony shook his head. "Cursed. We'll teach him and return him to Bernstein. Can
you relay that?"

I nodded. "I can." And then I had a question. "Is that where Cari sends them all
for rehabilitation?"

Tony's smile grew but he didn't answer me as he stepped into the shadows and was
gone. I had figured out what Cari did with all my little babies I found. Put
them in a place where they couldn't get out by themselves. I guess it was good
to know a secret society of vampires that lived inside a mountain.is room. The
place I had just left, had the best fucking sex in forever and blood all over
his sheets. Three things I could touch. I couldn't do it. Everything here was
Alex's.

I tried to get through the whole mantra and failed. I felt like shit but I got
up. I stood in the door of his bed room. "I'm sorry. I have no excuses to offer
that can explain why I treated you in a way that made you feel I didn't care. I
know I don't remember all those things you do. And I don't ask questions. I
don't want to pry, but it's no excuse for my behavior."

"Fuck, Nox." He turned and glared at me, "You are always such a pity party."

"I'm sorry." My gaze dropped to the floor.

Alex stepped over to me and pushed me. "Stand up for your fucking self." I
stumbled back startled.

He shoved me again, "Why do you let people push you around?" I was getting
angry.

He shoved me again, "Why do you let me push you around?" My anger pushed its
limits and I had Alex on the ground gasping for air before he could even finish
his sentence.

I fell backwards out of my own control. I was hurting him. I didn't want to do
that anymore than I wanted it to be about me. I started crying again, the tears
falling down. I was helpless. Alex growled at me, "You really are a piece of
work, Nox."

He looked at me and then snapped, "I thought dating a guy would have so much
less fucking crying. I guess I was wrong."

"Fuck you, Alex." I stood up and spoke in a white heat of anger, "I'm sorry I
didn't remember you all those years, but getting fucking beaten every fucking
night since I was six year old seems to have stuck in my head instead of all
those good memories. I'm so fucking sorry that I you get pissed at me for being
submissive. Here let me stand up for myself." I was done. I headed for the door.

Alex reached the door first and stood between me and it, "No, you don't get to
leave like this."

"How would you like me to leave Alex?"

"Honestly?" he asked.

"Always, honestly, but I know that's kinda hard for you." I snarked at him.

He confessed. "I don't want you to leave at all." I started at him while he
continued, "I want you to ask me why I don't think I can do it anymore, or what
it is. I want you pretend you care, Nox."

I did care. I fucking loved him, but that was too much for him. "What can't you
do anymore?" I decided to ask instead of focusing on the negative. I couldn't
look at him. I was waiting for the complete rejection that I felt coming.

"I can't keep lying to you. I can't pretend that I don't care about you. I can't
keep lying to myself about wanting more. If it means it's over Nox, that's fine.
But you have to know why before I'll let you leave."

I didn't know what to say or how to think or even what was wrong with us, why
the fuck was this so fucking hard. It should be easy. We wanted the same fucking
thing. But he wanted to hurt me too...

"What about your revenge?" I asked.

"I don't know Nox. I might go back to hating you again tomorrow. But last night
reminded me how fucking much I wanted this to work. And it wasn't the sex.
Though, that was amazing."

I couldn't help grinning at him as he continued, "We have issues. Both of us. We
hurt each other. I'm hoping that now that we both know we can mend some of those
hurts. But we can't do that if you walk out the door."

Alex's stomach rumbled again. He was always hungry, I dropped my eyes to the
floor and asked, "What if we both walked out together and we went to get
something to eat?"

"Yeah, pretty boy. I think we can do that." This small agreement only helped so
much but I needed to be away from him and I suspected Alex wanted me out of his
space too. Maybe we could fix this, and I hoped but I wasn't sure it would
happen. We were so much alike and so very different. No wonder we clashed all
the time.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTg2OTgyMzE0OSwtMzcyMzYwNTA3XX0=
-->