#  Negotiating with Lives

With the vampire gone I looked at the girl strung up on the door and smiled.
"I'll be with you in a moment." I looked at Walker and he grinned. "You okay?"

"It's just a little bite." Walker said softly. His voice strained from the blood
loss. "Come on. I'll help you walk." I wrapped my arm around his waist and he
put his arm arScene Break
 Breakfast at Bonnie's

We walked a few blocks to Bonnie's little diner across from the AU building. It
was a quiet walk, both of us in our own minds, or Alex in mine. I didn't know. I
just hoped he didn't get on to me about being a mess again. I could do my best
to not show him how fucked up I was. But I hated being fake.

As we walked and my thoughts spiraled into descent Alex took my hand. "Do you
want me to stop reading you? Not that I think I can, but I counld my shoulders. I released the girl but her arms were tied and
running was not a possibility. "Try to run and I'll make this worse." I said and
pulled a sharp barb of air around the girl.

"Wicked. Send the authorities this way to collect the computers, see what else
she's been up to."

Sage chuckled. "You have ten to get out of there before they are busting down
the walls to the hacker who was hacking the Stock Exchange. What are you going
to do about the clean up on this one?"

I shrugged. "I don't know yet. I'll leave that to legal."

"Her name is Trix, she's a good hacker. Don't let them kill her Nox. Having a
pet hacker like me wtry."

I shook my head. "No. But remember my thoughts are my own. If they bother you,
you don't have to read them."

Alex nodded, "Maybe I should just go, leave you to your thoughts."

I stopped in the middle of the sidewalk, we'd almost made it to Bonnie's without
a fight. "I don't want you to go. I just don't want you to get mad at me because
my thoughts are a mess." I sighed, but turned and walked towards the diner
pulling my hand free. "But you do what you want, obviously I'm selfish."

Alex grabbed my arm, "Fuck Nox. Can't we just have breakfast without fighting."

"I'd like to." I said and pulled my arm from his grip, I pulled my shields up
tight aroulnd bme wonderful for you." Hand I heard Alex groan as he lcould be wonderful for you." He laughed, "Not that I mind
helping you or anything, but ont up to me.

"You didn't have sto totally indebted to you for saving their
lives would do anything for you, like Ant, and Dom. Not to mention she's a
dragon."

I nodded. "We'll see. Thanks man. I appreciate your help. Send me the bill and
I'll make sure it's wired to the right accoundo that." He said.

"I did. You don't want to see my selfish thoughts, so now you get to see what
everyone else does." I sighed as I opened the door and stepped inside the small
diner across the street."

"Anytime Nox. How's the new place?" He asked concerned.

I sighed. "I don't want to talkBonnie greeted us, "Hey Nox. Alex." She sounded surprised to see us both
together.

Alex took a seat in a t."

"Anytime Nox. How's the new place?" He asked concerned.

I sighed. "I don't want to talk about it. I've got other things on my mind so
I'm good."

"Did you find Alex?"

"No. He's not returning my messages or my calls." I said flatly. "I'm getting a
little worried, his fake friend was looking for him too."

Sage sighed. "You want me to look for him?"

I shook my head. "Yes." I said in a quiet whisper knowing my words didn't match
my actions. But Sage didn't know that.

"I'm on it. Take care Nox. I got this." The air went dead and music started
playing in my earoth in the middle of the room and I slid in across from
him. I looked back at the place I usually sat and felt uncomfortable, but I put
on a smile and took a deep breath.

Bonnie came to our table and smiled, she gave me a look of concern but started
rattling off today's specials. "Your usuals boys?" She asked.

I nodded. Alex looked at me, "Yes please."

Bonnie took our orders and left us alone with a glass of water a peice and the
growing gap between us. "You come here often?" Alex asked.

"I used to come here everyday when I was younger. It was an easy respite from 
the headset.

"That was fun. Nox, why am I not dead?" Walker asked.

"You aren't going to die." I said.

"I heard you could do that, but no one echaos that is the dorms so I could study without someone trying to make
trouble." I said. "How long you been coming here?" I asked.

He smiled. "For as long as I'ver believes the rumors about you."

"Most do, just not the good ones." I grinned at him.

"That's true." He said.

"Let's get you to the infirmary though to make sure nothing else is wrong."

Walker nodded. And I turned my attention to the girl behind us as we stepped out
ien following you."

"Oh." I said. I wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing.

"Nox…" Alex said.

"I don't want to talk about it Alex. I don't want to fight." I looked at him
with a smile, "Why do you have two apartments? I mean, do you rento them busy streets of New York City. She started to scream. Walker laughed.
"I assume you have an extra sound veil around us."oth, or
have you lived in New York long?"

"I told you one's a business one."

"Right, but why don't you just have one? Seems like a lot of wasted money to
me." I said.

"I nodded. "Yeah." I looked back at the girl who was screaming but no one saw or
heard her. "You can scream all you like, or you can tell me where your boss is."

"My boss."

"Yeah who's leading you in the fight against the humans."

She snickered. "Why The Dragon of course. Are you stupid?"

I sighed. "It'have money to waste. But I only pay for one, the other is bought and paid
for. I haven’t been in New York long. Only since December."

"And you already bought a house? Must really like it here." I said.

Alex shook his head, "Actually I hate this city."

I frowned. "I'm sorry."

"I'd say it's not your fault, but it's part of the reason." Alex said.

"And the other part?" I asked, trying to ignore the lingering tension that had
risen between us at the admission.

Bonnie brought us your whole faction?" I asked.

She rolled her eyes. "We do what The Dragon says, or we die."

"He threatened you?"

"No there was a chained vampire that kept me locked in my basement for the good
will of my heart and The Dragon's."

"Help me, and I can help you."

She looked at me, "Like how, help me? I don't care if I die, I'm dead anyway
now, if the Dragon catches me I'm dead."

"So talk to me, and I'll take The Dragon down. And then you'd be free of him."

"And then I'd have to deal with the Venatori as my handlers."

I shook my head, "No, I'll set you up with The Night Life building. I can have
Chevalier look after you and you'll be safe."

"Why?"

"Why, what?" I asked.

"Why would you help me?"

I shrugged. "Everyone deserves a second chance. You fail me though and I'll kill
you myself next time."

We walked and Trix looked like she was considering it. Maybe a pet hacker wasn't
so bad an idea after allcoffee and set down a pot for us to refill with at need.
"Your food will be ready soon darlings."

"Thank you Bonnie." Alex said as she left. "Uh. A woman I was seeing died here."

"I'm sorry." I said. "Were you close?"

"What's will all the questions, Nox?" Alex asked.

I took a deep breath and sighed. "You say I never ask, so I'm asking."

"Shit! Well don't, Nox. I don't want to talk about me."

I nodded. "Which is why I never asked." I stood up, pulled my wallet out and
dropped cash on the table. "We'll try this again some other time. Enjoy
breakfast. I'll call you later." I said as I walked out the door so close to
fucking tears it wasn't even funny. I didn't wait for traffic to lull as I
pulled a veil around me and walked across the street avoiding the cars on a lane
by lane basis. No one even knew i was there. I could have stood there all day
and unless someone tried to change lanes at the precise place I was standing I
was perfectly fine. But I had a job to do and I needed to go do it from the headset.

"That was fun. Nox, why am I not dead?" Walker asked.

"You aren't going to die." I said.

"I heard you could do that, but no one ever believes the rumors about you."

"Most do, just not the good ones." I grinned at him.

"That's true." He said.

"Let's get you to the infirmary though to make sure nothing else is wrong."

Walker nodded. And I turned my attention to the girl behind us as we stepped out
into the busy streets of New York City. She started to scream. Walker laughed.
"I assume you have an extra sound veil around us."

I nodded. "Yeah." I looked back at the girl who was screaming but no one saw or
heard her. "You can scream all you like, or you can tell me where your boss is."

"My boss."

"Yeah who's leading you in the fight against the humans."

She snickered. "Why The Dragon of course. Are you stupid?"

I sighed. "It's your whole faction?" I asked.

She rolled her eyes. "We do what The Dragon says, or we die."

"He threatened you?"

"No there was a chained vampire that kept me locked in my basement for the good
will of my heart and The Dragon's."

"Help me, and I can help you."

She looked at me, "Like how, help me? I don't care if I die, I'm dead anyway
now, if the Dragon catches me I'm dead."

"So talk to me, and I'll take The Dragon down. And then you'd be free of him."

"And then I'd have to deal with the Venatori as my handlers."

I shook my head, "No, I'll set you up with The Night Life building. I can have
Chevalier look after you and you'll be safe."

"Why?"

"Why, what?" I asked.

"Why would you help me?"

I shrugged. "Everyone deserves a second chance. You fail me though and I'll kill
you myself next time."

We walked and Trix looked like she was considering it. Maybe a pet hacker wasn't
so bad an idea after all.

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTEyMTUxNzM0MDEsMjA4ODA3Mzk2MF19
-->