#  Walker's Prognosis

As I headed down to the Infirmary, I sent a call to the cafeteria. The same guy
picked up who aScene Break
 As Far From Hell (Alex)

I drove as fast as I could out of New York City. Which was to say that I crawled
out. Construction was a bitch. I couldn't stay here anymore, Nox was \*\*my\*\*
fucking little monswtered t. He was everything and nswered the lwast time. "How can I help you?"

"I need a pizza, some chocolate bars and mountain dew sent to the fish bowl."

" my destruction. This
morning after he walked out of the diner had given me a demonstration of how
easy it would be for him to walk out the door. He disappeared, from my head, my
sight, just gone - poof! No more Nox?".

I laughed atJust like in the dresponse. "Yeah, it's me again."

"Are you feeding a bunch of nerds?" He asked again. I sorta wished I knew his
name.

"Just one. She's helping me track down her boss." I answered

"What do you want on the pizza?"

"Just pepperoni, I didn't ask what she wanted, but everyone likes pepperoni
right?"

"Do you?" He asked.

"Ifam, he was gone and he could do it anytime he wanted. I
didn't need that. Fuck I knew if I didn't leave now, I was going to be broken.
He broke me then, he could break me again and over what - vampires? Or a
werewolf? He wasn't just some kid anymore, he was fucking Venatori. How did I
not see those signs?

We were at a fucking stand still. Just another fucking reason to get out of this
fucking town. I growled, "Come on!" to noone in particular.

I should call Ben, tell him I'm heatding pizza yeah, but I'd prefer veggies on it too."

He chuckled, "Ever the health nut. I could make you a decent pie."

I recognized the ton, "I'm good thanks. I'm not much into pizza.his way. He might have a good mark lined
up for me by then. I so fucking needed things to go my way. Nothing with Nox was
easy. Other than reading him, that had been easy. But everything else - was
hard.

At our next dead stop I dialed Benji's number. He answered, "Alex Kennedy! Right
on time. When can I expect you this year?"

"I can make you whatever smirked into the rear view mirror. "Leaving fucking New York City now heading
 I'm eating pizza yeah, but I'd prefer veggies on it too."

He chuckled, "Ever the health nut. I could make you a decent pie."

I recognized the ton, "I'm good thanks. I'm not much into pizza."

"I can make you whatever your wanty." heI said.

I sighed, "Thanks, man. Really appreciate the pick up lines, makes my day right
now, but I have a boyfriend."

"Oh." He said, "I didn't mean…" He sighed, "Actually yeah I did. But it wasn't
for me really."

"Your sister? She's all up into the money an"Why were you there of all places?" He asked.

"Oh you know. The money. But been here since December, but so fucking glad to be
gone, if I could ever get out of this fucking traffic."

Benji laughed. "Ah, Serenity is coming, I'll need to get you a good place to
keep her. How long you staying?" I could the offsite living now eh?" I
said.

He chuckled. "A little, but…"

"Don't worry about it. I'm good honest. But I need that pie and candy and soda
sent on up asap."

"I'll get right on it. Ms. Sheila also informs me that if you don't stop by
again soon she'll never be making you any bread or goodies again."

I laughed, "Tell her might might stop by for dinner then, if I'm still in the
building."

"I will. I'll add this to the bill you starting for this case?"

"Yeah, sure, why ar Ben working every angle while I
was in town.

"I don't know." I admitted.

"Last time it was I don't know you'd come cause of a boy. Time before that it
was a woman. What is it this time?" He asked, the concern heavy in his voice.

"I don't want to talk about Nox fucking Sétanta right now. Give me a few days
and maybe I'll tell you. I just need to get out of New York right now. Can you
set me up with my usual,Toto?"

"You know I can, Tin man. It'll be waiting for you when you get here." Ben
sighed, "And when you get here don't think I won't be asking, Alex. Last time I
had to pick you up it was hell on clients for both of us."

"I knotw." I said. "Thanks, man."

He hung up with little ceremony and he had been hitting on me. It wasn't his
sister. Though I think he had oneSee you soon Benj." Benji said his goodbyes and I growled
again. We hadn't even fucking moved an inch since I picked up the phone.

My phone rangnot." I said. "Thanks, man."

He hung up with little ceremony and he had been hitting on me. It wasn't his
sister. Though I think he had one. It didn't matter as I glanced at the messages
I'd sent Alex, still unanswered.

I pulled open the Infirmary level door and headed inside. I was greeted with a
busy floor. Much busier than usual. A familiar smile waved me in her direction.
"Hey." She saidwant to answer it, but I glanced at the number and it
was unassigned which meant it was Poet. I sighed. "Poet. My friend, what can I
do for you this fucking glorious day?"

"You said you'd fill me in on the road? Why?" He growled over the phone at me.

".

I rcan my finger through her dark hair plucking out the purple strands. "I like
it."

She reached up and ruffled my ice blue tips and laughed, "I can't do what you
do, but I like it. You caused another ruckus down here."

"Sorry Madison. I had to save him."

She giggled, "I know. Everyone''t do this anymore. That boy is too fucking needy and you can get someone
else who has a psych degree to deal with him. He's such a fucking headcase."

Poet chuckled. "Is that your professional opinion?"

"That's my only opinion, Poet. Unless you’re planning on killing humans, you
have nothing to worry about from him. He's so intertwined with werewolves and
vampires that you can pretty much bank on his down here taking a look at the new survivor of
a vampire bite. He's so popular now."

"He doing alright?" I asked.

Madison laughed as she grabbed my hand and tugged me through the crowd to
Walker's room. He sat in a bed with people standing around his room. He was
telling a story with animated gestures. "Hpeople killing him. I
guarantee within a year, they'll have a mark on his head. He sees so far outside
their little fucking box that they'll take care of him for you."

A car blared behind me and I flipped them the bird as I pulled up a whole two
car lengths. What the fuck asshole!

"If you'd called me before I'd have told you to take the ferry out of town."
Poet was laughing at me.

"Are we lgooks dandy." I said

"He's a star. He's much more tolerable of the attention not like your father."

I rolled my eyes. "Alright, he's good. I got a Dragon to find."

Madison smiled up at me, "Arlight Nox. See you around."d?" I growled at him.

"Peachy, Alex. Been a pleasure. The money will be wired by the end of the day.
And with your hack I have more than enough information on the boy, so consider
the favor there when you need. No questions asked." Poet didn't even say goodbye
as he hung up on me.

I shouted, "Fucker!" and a few cars horns blared at me. What the fuck!
s down here taking a look at the new survivor of
a vampire bite. He's so popular now."

"He doing alright?" I asked.

Madison laughed as she grabbed my hand and tugged me through the crowd to
Walker's room. He sat in a bed with people standing around his room. He was
telling a story with animated gestures. "He looks dandy." I said

"He's a star. He's much more tolerable of the attention not like your father."

I rolled my eyes. "Alright, he's good. I got a Dragon to find."

Madison smiled up at me, "Arlight Nox. See you around."

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTI0Nzc5OTI1LDg5NDE1MzE3Ml19
-->