#  Following The Dragon

I headed in the direction of the River. I didn't see directions yet. But
eventually I looked at my phone where Sage had a map with a glowing dot blinking
at me. My best friend was so helpful. I should get him in on this more often.

He wasn't at a warehouse any longer, he was in his limo heading someplace. Sage
spoke in my ear. "I think he's going to his Manhattan office. That's the only
thing in that direction."

"Where's that at?" I asked.

Sage added a second blue blip on my screen. "Can you add the rest of his known
locations?"

Several more dots were added to the map and I nodded. I ran towards his office.
I didn't take it in a straight line. I hoped to get him alone somewhere. And I
could almost run faster than he could in traffic.

"Does Dae'lin know he's on the move?"

"She does. The team is on standby in the fish bowl. I think they are havingScene Break
 Remembering Him (Alex)

I woke to the sandy beaches I'd fled the last time my pretty boy dumped all over
my heart. Why was I here now? I was the only place I was ever me. Not sure what
that ever matters. Since I'm never me. Not even with him I wasn't. Sure he knew
my name, my birthday, but he didn't know me. He didn't fucking remember me.

I sat down on the lawn chair that was magically there covered by a bright yellow
umbrella and I relaxed. At least it was a relaxing dream… or so I thought as I
stared at the ocean, waves lapping against the sand. A pair of long legs, flame
tip hair in a pair of shorts and a tank top ran past. It wasn't the first time
it had happened. He'd run by in many guises, he ran by again, but never changing
form. Each time getting younger, the outfits changed, his hair was always the
same and he never looked at me. Until a five year old kid ran past me wearing a
green felt monster suit with big red floppy clown shoes carrying blocks that
kept tumbling to the sand.

He stopped and picked one up and another would fall from his hands. He never
once got angry or frustrated, he just kept picking up the blocks. Until he had
them all again and wandered down the beach. He was all smiles, so happy even as
pool to see if you stay out there the whole time running."

"What's the odds?" I asked.

I coulI knew he thought he was a monster. He never let it get him down. But that
wasn't the man I saw. He was a mess.

I followed thear Sage grin over the phone. "Everyone but Kai and Dae'lin think
you'll come in and watch like everyone else." Sage laughed. "They don't know you
very well."

They didn't that was their problem. My father and Dae'lin knew I liked the work
I did. Liked being out in the field, on the streets of New York. "Sage get me
Liam, some of those locations are in Wolf territory."

"I sent the Wolf m little boy down the beach. I'd never gone far, never left my
spot. The sand and the ocean were my peace Nox wasn't part of it. It felt odd
saying his name in the dream. He was just Pretty boy here. He'd always been so
pretty. Not in the girly way, but the high cheek bones, the long eyelashes. With
a lot more make up and a dress he'd make a pretty man. He had the fucking body
to do it too.

The thought made me smirk because that was a hard no on his side. He wasn't
female. He was a man, and he had the cock to prove it. The conversation rang
loudly in my ears. We'd been thirteen the first time he'd asked why I called him
Pretty boy. As if my thoughts had changed the dream there was a thirteen year
old boy sitting in a corner. His head pressed against the wall and himself a text. And Adrian too." My phone beeped in
response to a text I know I didn't send. Sage laughed, "Speak of the devil.
Olmos says he'll post guards outside the locations which he's requesting, and I
sent to him already. He knows it's not you too. He said and I quote, 'Now I know
you aren't my Venatori texting me - he always follows his procedures.' So
predictable Nox."

I grinned as I ran. I loved my friend. Fuck having the connections I did made my
job easier. "Hey Sage?"

"Yeah?" He said with a little humor in his voice still.

"Thank you."

"You owe me dinner. Me and you, like old times?"

I sighed, "I'm not watching with you."

Sage laugheds face was
slack. He was higher than a kite and I could only tell because the dream
flickered like he wasn't really there.

It wasn't a bad memory. It was October. My birthday was around the corner and
he'd come here burnt, or drunk. I wondered now what he'd taken to get to that
state. He was Venatori, and human drugs didn't work for them. Or at least that
was what I was told. In all my lessons from Kish avoidance was the key to
staying off the Venatori radar. I'd asked about drugging them if they got too
close and she'd told me it wouldn't work.

But there he was sitting in a corner high. I could go up to him, but at first I
always chose to watch him. He'd just sit there and drown in the numbness. It
wasn't later that I realized he was in pain all those moments. And now I
wondered how much pain he was in even when he was numb. I'd felt the pain he
did. I'd seen him break down. How could a man live like that?

And yet, he did. I remembered him in the guise of his friend asking for the dark
room, to be us for the first time. I ran my fingers through my hair and wished
he was there. "That's okay, I just want your food, the rest of you can go to
hell." I could hear the smle on his face as he told me to go to hell.

"You too." I said. "I only like you for your computer skills."

Sage grinned. "I know. It's all you ever wanted me for. And all the free toys."

"Your hand-me-downs." I quipped back.

"You wish you had even half of the power they had."

We joked more while I ran a few blocks around the Empire State Building and
serval blocks surrounding it until he moved again. By that time, even I was
contemplating taking a nap. I was walking when I saw his limo pass me.e dream was a strange place, the sun vanished from the sky,
everything vanished and the space was dark. I couldn't see anything, couldn't
hear anything. And then there was hands on my body. Long, strong fingers
pressing across my skin with feather light touches. His lips, he purred against
my skin.

He chuckled. It morphed into a cackle and then a horrid screech. Glowing blue
eyes floated where he'd been. "He's mine." it growled through gritted teeth.
Glowing tentacles of red, blue, yellow and brown streaked through the air and I
heard him scream.

My eyes popped open to the bright light of the afternoon. I rolled over and
groaned at the stiffness in my joints. I had no idea the time, but I didn't feel
rested. I crawled off the bed, there was no way I was going back to bed after
that.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbODI1OTA0MzIzXX0=
-->