#  To the Docks 

I followed the little dot on my phoneScene Break
 The Usual (Alex)

After a long hot shower and a semi-decent meal I was back ton the dock district and watched as
his limo pulled into the warehouse Sage had said he was road again. I
was just outside the Colorado State line. A second car
followed him in from the other direction and I wondered who it was. I wished for
Dorian's memory and tried to catch the license plate number as it rolled through
the doors. I pulled a veilNormally once on the other side of
Denver, I'd hit Ward to visit Kish. But visiting Kish meant memories of the
pretty boy who kept calling me.

I now had two voicemail messages from him. I could just delete them but after
the dream last night I wondered about that thing. He was always talking arbound me and I ran towards the rolling door and
slipped underneath just in time for it to click closed with a hissing sound.

I didn't like the sound of seals closing after me. What were they doing in here?

No one could see him, as I slipped around the edges of the building keeping in
site The Dragon and his viking looking friend. He reminded me of Asher Eriksen,
but I knew that man by sight, who didn't in the AU building, it was his building
after all. He was the reason I had money in my pocket and a place to stay off
campus. He was a brilliant geneticist and businessman.

They went up intot
his demons. I always thought they were metaphorical. But vampires, and
werewolves were real, why not demons? The was a whole other philosophy lesson I
didn't want to get into and I sure as fuck didn't want Kish telling me to go
back to him. Or to at least talk to him.

Instead I played back both messages starting at the beginning. Nox's voice was
clear as day on the recording as I listened to it twice.

"Hey Alex, I said I'd call. So there it is. Call me. Still planning lunch for
tomorrow. I'll cook. See you."

Lunch! We hadn't even made it through breakfast what made him think we could do
lunch without fighting only a day later. After the third time I listened to it I
deleted it. I didn't need the reminder. I should just delete his contact
altogether, or maybe ditch the secphonde floor with scaffolding that looked like it sha new one. The only Benji would
 have been temporary but was still in use. Sometimes that happened in this skate
by night places.

I used planks of air on the decking so the floors didn't creek as I walke
it. Poet couldn't lure me back in, but he'd only find it he always did no matter
how often I tried to ditch the man who kept pulling me back into the world onf
them. It was one of the first tricks you learned when you learned about B&Es in
the Academy. Don't let them hear you cause unless you have a good shield on your
veil sound still travels. I had been accused of cheating by the other stud supernatural. Fuck him!

I could use that favor to tell him to leave me alone forever. No questions asked
he said…

The second message caught me off guard. I didn't recognize the voice. "You don't
know me, Dude, but we are having a welcome to your new place party for our big
bro Nox, and we thought you might like to join us. He's at View 34 apartments
but I was the only one who got an A in the class. Dae'lin reprimanded me for
using my gift in public, an30C. Stop by if you can, I'm sure he'd love to see you."

I blinked at the message blinking back at me. His brother was calling me to
invite me to a party. How the fuck did then gave me three extra hours of free time the
following day because I'd made her proud. She said it was because I was annoying
her, so she sent me out even know who I was? I deleted the
message and continued driving with the music loud and the top down. I was
grateful for the warm weather. This was heaven just driving down the road
without a care into the world to stay away from her. I think I chose to
spend my day with Sage in his little room at his parents place watching him do
his own school work.

I tried to extend my senses but there was. Except that my mind kept drifting to a pair of
brown eyes that made me weak.

He didn't need me. I told myself. He had his vampire prince, he had his
brothers. He had Dorian. He didn't need me. He didn't even have time for me. He
didn't even try too much magic. Dragon, wolf, vampire,
something else I didn't quite understand yet, and the hum of power. I almost
swore it was demonic in nature, but I'd run across a grand total of zero demons
in my time as a Hunter. Which was right about par, my father had never
encountered either an angel or demcall me on his birthday. The one day out of the year I felt
broken now. It hadn't always been this way. The first year I remembered to pour
a forty out for the lost love the day we were to meet. But the following ones I
forgot, but his birthday crept up on me and I ran back to Benji.

We hadn't been friends long, only since I was seventeen. Ten fucking years -
holy shit! Had it really been that long? Benji understood me, he grifted like I
did, but he did it for other reasons. But then again, he might not even know
there was a difference, he might not care - a marionette was a marionette.
Venatori barely cared about the human host.

There were threeStarted out to help his family back home -
wherever home was. We didn't particularly get into details. But Benji had made a
name for himself in Vegas with high stake games and making the house more money
they they could possibly dream of. Except the house wasn't some big ass casino -
it was some little mom and people in a room. I couldn't make out what they were saying
even with my senses extended, I could barely feel them, which meant someone was
veiling them however poorly it was executed.

I didn't want to slip inside the ro joint looking to do business with locals and
billionaires alike. Benji profited and whenever i was in town Benji had a game
for me to play - sometimes more than one. I was hoping for the latter.

Once I got to Vegas I'd have a perfect little suite at the Bellagio looking down
at the Parisian Hotel and the knock of Eiffel tower sitting across the street.
It was almost like home, they might see me.

"Or we might hear you Mr. Sétanta." A voice called out from the roomno it was home. It was the only place I'd ever come
back to. And that was only because Benji was here - he and Kish were the only
family I needed.

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNjA1NjY4MTQyXX0=
-->