#  The Call of the Dragon

I dropped the veil as I stepped inside the room. I knew two of the faces. "One
was Ye Pan, the man I'd followed, the second I didn't know but he was from the
second car that had followed Ye Pan into the building, the viking. The third was
Matthew Haskins - headmaster to the Academy. What the fuck was he doing here?

The viking looked me up and down and then turned his attention to The Dragon. "I
will leave you to deal with your little problem." He looked at me again with a
smirk and it looked like he wanted to say something but just shook his head then
left through a back way tugging the headmaster after him. I wanted to know why
Haskins was here.

"So who's your blonde friend?" I asked The Dragon.

The Dragon sneered at me. I don't know what he was thinking or which one of them
was the telepath, though I could take a guess and say it was the blonde. I
couldn't place his pattern either, though it reminded me of Tony's. Which was
not a good thing, Venatori, Primeval Vampire and Dragons colluding together? No
that didn't bode well for anyone.

But The Dragon didn't answer my question just asked his own, "Why do you have to
meddle boy?"

I shrugged. "Cause that's what I do?" I asked playfully.

He rolled his eyes and then walked over to what looked like a throne, it sat on
a raised dias and was the only chair there. It was his throne. "So this is where
you come to rule over your minions?" I asked.

He didn't answer me again as he beckoned me to come with a crook of his finger.
I felt a small tug and desire to comply. It wasn't my natural inclination to
obey at work, I knew that. It was something else. The Dragon smirked at me. "I
don't think you are in as much control as you think you are."

"Maybe." I said smartly. I knew it was the wrong thing when he beckoned me again
and the compulsion to obey was stronger. Strong enough that I took a voluntary
step closer to Ye Pan, the Dragon.

His smile grew wider even as I took another step and I fought. But I couldn't
help but go, it was like he moved me with his own flows of magic, like I was his
puppet. "You will kneel before me little netherdragon."

He waved his hand and I collapsed to my knees and supplicated myself to the
fucking man. I saw a pair of blue eyes and I would only bend to his will. There
was no way in hell I was going to allow this, yet I couldn't move.

Ye Pan stood up and walked towards me, my head lifted and he smirked at me, "All
Dragons can be commanded by their betters."

I struggled against his control. I found it deep inside me. Found that little
bit he thought to control. "Didn't anyone ever tell you, baby nether. You are
nothing. I should kill you now. I'd be rewarded. But I want your friends outside
to watch as their strongest falls before me - The Dragon, and the Last Phoenix.
You will be first and then we'll take the world by storm with you out of the
way."

He was right about one thing, I was nothing. No one outside that building short
of my father would care if I died. He was stupid.

He laughed as I stood up like I was being manipulated by real puppet strings. He
was frowning and straining against me as I fought for my own control. I could
feel the sweat beading on my forehead. He was sweating as well. He thought me
easy prey.

As soon as the glass from the upper windows busted inward I was weaving a net of
fire to fling at the Venatori entering. No! I screamed inside me as the fireball
flew as a woman repelled downard.

I pulled against the bonds of the The Dragon. He would not control me! He did,
but I knew I was stronger, I could feel that. I stopped hiding within myself. I
let the power go. Everything I had burned through my body. It hurt. But The
Dragon winced and I felt my bond to him crumbling amidst the fire inside. The
Dragon fought harder and I sent a torrent of energy up the crumbling bond and he
screamed in agony and fell to his knees as the last of the Venatori landed and
aimed their laser lights at me. The Dragon screamed, "Save me!"

But no one saved him as I walked across the small gap between us and took hold
of his head and smiled sweetly down at him. "The punishment for revealing your
brethren to the humans is death." I said.

"No." Pan begged. "You don't…." I didn't wait for him to finish his sentence
that I knew all too well, but you don't kill anyone, and I snapped his neck with
a quick turn and I felt the final hold on me vanish with the light in his eyes.
I set the body on fire even as the laser lights still trained on me.

One of the large men in tactical gear removed his helmet and revealed Simon. He
was frowning. "You killed Holland."

I frowned. "He was controlling me."

It was a poor excuse and I knew it. There would be a trial. I would pay the
price whatever the decision was.

