#  Clean Up

ThScene Break
 Emergency Session

I made little red laser lights stayed steady over the sensitive areas of my body -
my heart, my head and one playfully dance across the street and up to my room. I pushed open the door and the
world crashed in on me. I let my shield go and I felt the anxiety wash over me
like a bucket of cold wat my groin. I knew exactly who that
was and Walker smirked as I looked at him with a sideways grin.

It was my father who stepped between me and the lights blocking all shots and
lowering his weapon. "Did you mean to kill that girl?"

I shook my head. er. But I didn't like the way I left it so I sent Alex
a text.

N: I'm sorry I left like that. I just need time to wrap my head around things. I
know selfish, but I have to do what I have to do. Maybe we can get together for
lunch tomorrow? I'll cook.

The text was off and I sat down at the bar, my body was shaking. I dialed
Margo's personal number. It was still before working hours but I needed to talk
to someone who wouldn't judge me. I was going in-fucking-sane right then.

Margo picked up groggily, "Hello?"

"I'm sorry to bother you Margo. But I need to talk."

"Nox, sir. The Dragon was controlling me. I tried to stop him."

"And did you mean to kill the man, this dragon?"

I nodded. "He conspired with aalright." I heard the bed rustle and she was moving around her bedroom. "I
can meet you in ten."

"I can come up to you." I said. "I'll make you breakfast."

Margo was silent for too long. "No, I'll come to you. You can still cook me
breakfast."

I nodded, "Alright."

So I started making breakfast for 2. I wasn't lreast three other dragons to undermlly hungry. Though I knew I
should eat. I made eggs and sausage and threw in a few slices of toast. It
wasn't the greatest breakfast ine the human
world two disturb the financial market, and one to upset the infrastructure of
the city itself."

Simon spoke behind my father, "There was no contract for him. Only the woman he
brought in before."

Kai turned around and looked at the big black man. "And you've never carried out
an execution because you had the chance."

Simon looked at Kai and frowned, world but it was all I could manage right
now. I was just going through the motions. I was sipping coffee when there was a
knock on the door and I let Margo in.

She looked professional and like she'd been up for hours. She was probably the
fastest woman alive, I smiled to myself. Mia had been so fucking slow to get
ready and I thought I was bad in all my perfectionism.

Margo sat down in Fee's chair. The cat was still asleep on her pillow she hadn't
even noticed that I was home yet. "What's wrong, Nox?" Margo asked then started
cutting her sausage to mix in her eggs.

"I told you about the guy I met?"

Margo nodded. "Turns out he's the stammered, "Well… yeah… but…"

Emilio Vega stepped up next to my father. "You will paye guy I was going to meet five years ago."

Margo turned and blinked at me, "The one from your drespects to
Holland's family."

I nodded. "Yes sir."

Emilio smiled and I saw where Dorian got his from, "You will not mention you
wereams?"

I nodded. "One and the same. He laid out a lot of things that I don't remember
and a few theat one to do the deed. It was The Dragon."

I nodded again. "Yes, sir."

Everyone was clearing out, surprisly proved he was right." I pushed my eggs around my plate. "Is
it possible that the nightmares were that overpowering."

Margo sighed, "Dreams are a funny thingly, no one from the warehouse below came up,
maybe no one was there, or maybe they felt their boss die. But his body was a
pile of ash that Walker and Holland's partner were sweeping up into a bag.

"At least you didn't burn the place down." Walker joked.

I grinned. "I could."

Kai shook his head. "No the Venatori will do an investigation to see what's
going on, we arreally understands them.
Conscious and subconscious thoughts all lingering together to form images as we
sleep. And a dream walker - well that's something entirely different. But your
nightmares are strong and predictable Nox. There is no telling what it
overwrites in your brain."

I ate a piece of sausage and nearly gagged on it. I pushed my plate from me and
looked at Margo. "He calready taking in the people left here for questioning."

"There's a strange magic here. I don't know what it was, but it's gone now." I
didn't dare tell them that Matthew Haskins was here. That was the last thing I
needed, was the Venatori to start spouting conspiracy theorist at me. I wasn't
looking to start trouble, but they always thought I did. Bringing accusations
against one of our own was a big deal. And who was that man with them? He was
the source of that strange magic. He felt vampire, but he was so much more than
just vampirled me selfish. Everything's always about my anxiety and
my problems."

Margo smiled, "It won't be that way forever. You need time to adapt is all."

"I don't have time to adapt, Margo. He throws me curveball after curveball and I
adjust and then everything crashes in on me." I shook my head. "I fucking love
him. From the moment I kissed him outside Aspect. I wanted more. Even now I want
to go back to his place. Beg him to forgive me, but I can't. I can't go back
because if i do I'm going to break down again. We've known each other for three
days in the real world and every fucking time we are together I have a fucking
breakdown."

"He's change. You know it will pass."

"I do. But he doesn't. He doesn't have the patience."

"There was a lot of paperwork to don maybe he isn't the once I got back to the AU building with my
father. He clapped me Nox."

"Fuck, no." I sighed. "I've been pining for him for 5 fucking years. Wondering
what we could have had if I'd gone the back as I sat down. "Good job son." He sao him instead of my Dad."

"Nox, do not go there, you made the right choice."

"Did I? Did. I
honestly think he was proud of me. Watching me kill a man made him proud. That
was not something I wanted him to be proud of me about, but I'd take anything.

"Trix was released while you were out." Dae'lin said behind me. "The Wicked
Truth sent me discharge papers and instructions for her to report to the Night
Life building's tech team to work with and I quote 'Chevalier'."

I turned to look at her. "That's good. I'm sure Wicked let Chevalier know she's
coming. And they'll take care of it, but I'll make sure."

"She should have been tagged and bagged, Nox."

I shook my head. "She's only doing what her master told her to do. She  choose to save my father instead of start something that could
mean I'd be in fucking high heaven right now?"

"And if you father died while you did that? You'd be beating yourself up over
that."

I sighed. "Yeah but I didn't know my dad then. I wouldn't be any closer or any
farther from him because of it."

"You'd wish your father dead?" Margo sounded appalled.

"Not dead, Margo." I groaned as I stood up and dumped my food in Fee's bowl. "I
just wish I hadn't had to make the choice. If Jace is right and he didn't show
up then yeah wrong decision, but he did show up. He thinks I wasn't interested."

"He's a telepath, Nox. He knew the truth."

"He doesn't act like he knew the truth, Margo. He told me I was just a fucking
job. He only took it because he wanted to hurt me like i hurt him."

"So there you have it Nox. Not the one."

"Margo, stop with the he's not the one. We didn't even get a chance to try.
Because it's nothing but lies. He's always caged
in by a baby vampire who Tony is taking care of. Naomi got caught."

"So did she." Dae'lin said.

"Maybe I want my own hackers." I smiled at her.

"You are best friends with the Wicked Truth, you honestly need another one. You
know Chevalier. That's like knowing Il Cane herself, which my fucking god, Nox,
you do. You call her by her first name. And Del Figlio. You are in close
connection with every power house in New York City. And everyone here still
thinks your way is the wrong way. Walker is chomping at the bit to follow you
around more."

I groaned. "I know." Dae'lin said, "You work alone, but think about it. Tomorrow
the Heads of the clans will be here to discuss Ye Pan's death and what to do
about his murderer. You are expected to be thbeen about the lies. All those faces.
Never the same."

"Nox, how do you know that? I thought you said you didn't remember?"

"I don't." I said. "I sometimes say things I don't know where they come from."

"I think you might be repressing memories, or at the very least your nightmares
are hiding them." She smiled at me as she finished her last bite. "I think
Monday we'll start with a different therapy, think about where you want to start
in your memories. And we'll go from there." She glanced at the time on her
watch. "I have a session in an hour. Monday? Or do you want to pull in a second
session. Maybe on Thursday?"

I shook my head, "Not this Thursday, it's my birthday."

Margo smiled. "Right. I knew that. Monday then, and you can decide if we need to
do the memory therapy on another day then alright?"

I nodded. "Thanks Margo. For everything."

Margo stood up and put her hand on my shoulder. "Honey, don't break down alone,
and don't throw yourself into work. But I know you will. I will have Dorian
check on you latere."

I sighed. "Yes ma'am."

Dae'lin shook her head, "And Nox dress appropriately."

I just grinned at her and she groaned in response. "Please, Nox.""Thanks again."

"My pleasure, Nox." She said as she left my little apartment. I felt even more
alone now. Fuck!


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTg3NTEyMjM1N119
-->