#  The Family I Want

By the time I finished the paperwork for Naomi, Emerson and the Dragon,
conveniently leaving out Trix, Val and the baby vamp who were all colluding with
Ye PScene Break
 Lead Number One

Margo was right about one thing I was going to throw myself head long into work.
And I was likely going to break down later. I'd had a rough few days an.d I couldn't forget that Matthew Haskins was there with The Dragon, or the
the viking looking fellow who had the strange magic. I made a note to remind me
when I walked into my new apartment that I needed to sketch the face of the man
who I didn't know. Maybe Sage could find out who he was. There were players in
this game high
feel it in the cracks of my mind. There was going to be a hell of a downpour of
everything at some point. But not now.

All of Naomi's possessions were sitting on my bar like they belonged there.
Someone from Dae'lin's office dropped them off. I saw them earlier but I didn't
want to deal with it. But it was work. Her things were all neatly stored in a
plastic storage bag. I took ever ythan the Dragon I was sure of it, and he was part of it. But
who was he?

When I got home my brothers were goofing off with video games and sning out as I searched for her cell phone. On
it was a number of her contact. I only had to find it.

As I was putting her things back ing on a
pizza that looked like it had seen better days. "That's dinner?"

"Yep." Rider said as he jerked his shoulder into his brother the bag, the cell phone had sunk to the
bottom and everything was neatly laid on the bar, there was arm knocking him
off course. It was almost as violent sitting on the couch as it was in their
crash em up game on the TV screen.

I went to my fridge and saw chicken plated with vegetables of varying colors and
beer sitting next to it. Laker called out, "We made you dinner, and the beer is
from the girl down stairs, said you should join her."

Rider giggled. "She didn't believe us when we told her you were gay."

I laughed, "I'm not exactly gay."

Laker snickered, "We know, but we like t at my door.
I waved my hand and the door opened. I didn't turn to look, I new from the smell
it was Dorian. He always smelled like cinnamon and vanilla. I felt the tears
falling and Dorian came in and shut the door. His voice was soft as he wrapped
his arms around me, "Margo told me."

I closed my eyes and sank into the feelling people that cause it makof the man who was the closest them
go. Oh my god, really? Does he know so and so from wherever? Like you and every
other gay man knows each other."

Rider laughed, "Or they don't believe you and try to convince us we don't know
our own brother. 'Nah, he's straight, I've seen him with a girl' And when they
describe her she's Mia or Dee, or even Dae'lin. Really people don't pay any
attention to what gets your motor running."

I sighed as I took my cold food from the fridge and made my way to the couch
with my brothers sitting on it. I sat between them, they moved only enough for
me to sit. I could barely move to eat but that was alright. Bothing
I had to a father growing up. He held me and I cried. There was no thoughts, no
self pity, no anxiety just safety in his arms. And he knew it so he held me.

I think we stayed like that for an hour before Dorian shifted uneasily. I
sighed, "You can go. I'm okay. I know you have to get to work. So do I."

"Are you sure?" He asked.

I nodded. "I have to go open a safe, and have to get IT to track the numbers on
the phone so we know who's ofn them pressed
in against my shoulder in that sort of 'it's alright bro' type hug they were
fond of showing mere."

"Why don't you go see Sage?" Dorian suggested.

I shook my head. "I wondered what it'd be like if the boys stayed here all the
time. I was going to miss them.

Rider smacked the palm of his hand to his forehead, "I almost forgot." He looked
at me, "There is some paperwork on the table Dorian sent over, stating that
pending the meeting tomorrow in two weeks Drake can come live with you."

Fuck! I hadn't forgotten, but I wasn't sure thatcan't. If I ask him a favor, he'll want something in return
and I can't. I can't do anything right now Dorian."

He nodded. "Alright. But IT will take forever you know this."

"I know. I'm sure I'll be able two weeks was gonna work. I was
still a fucking mess with the new place. And I was certain that the world was
going to get a whole lot more dismal after tomorrow. I killed the head of The
Last Phoenix. They called me a murderer. Fuck!

My brothers pressed their shoulders against me again. "We'll be here still tofigure something out. I can always call Jack."

"I didn't think you could do favors?" Dorian said.

"The good think about Cari's favors is she likes to save them for when it's
necessary. Or I just feed Ant."

Dorian shook his head. "You should call Anthony and Ryan and spend a few nights
thelp with Drake. You got this." Laker said. Rider nodding right along with his
brother, like they could read each other's mind.

After dinner and one rousing round of playing their silly game with them I
started working on that sketch in my room. I kept glancing at my phone waiting,
hoping, praying to whatever gods might be listening that Alex might call me. I
re."

I shook my head. "No, that's exactly what Alex expects I'll do. Go running to my
vampire boyfriend and let him help me through my shit. Because it's all about
me." I took a deep breath and sighed. "I should let it go, but I can't."

Dorian chuckled, "You will Nox. You always getting worried.do."

"I shot him a quick message.

N: Hey, Alex. I got the big bad. Though I think he's got others working with
him. Case solved, I'm free for a little while, if you want to get together and
talk. Anytime.

I sighed as I looked at it. When it went through I waited. I don't know how long
before I set my phone on my chest and closed my eyes. I used to dream of him. He
told me I did. I remembered some of them. I wanted to dream of him again. To see
his blue eyes, to run my thumb over his lower lip. Fuck I just wanted to see
him, to hear his voice.

I did something stupid and I called him. I knew he wasn't going to pick up I
just wanted to listen to his voice. I didn't leave a message but I called back
three more times before I tossed my phone across the bed and got up to take a
shower.

Where the fuck was he?

I dreamt of Alex. I woke up to deep gashes across my back, and apparently Fee
was upset with me as she glared at me when I sat up. "Fuck!" I said as I crawled
out of bed and wrapped the lingering blood on the bed up in earth and air and
cleaned the bed before sending it off into the trash.

Rider poked his head in rubbing his eyes, "You alright?"

I nodded. "Nightmare."

"You've never screamed before."

I sighed. "It wasn't hurting me. Just my dream guy."

Rider came in and wrapped his arms around my shoulder tentatively and when he
didn't feel anything sticky he dropped his arms to my body and pulled me close.
"I'm sorry. Can I help?"

I shook my head. "No. I'm gonna do some yoga, grab a shower, make breakfast and
then walk to the AU building to my meeting in the big conference room which you
should wear a suit and tie in."

Rider giggled, "You aren't wearing a suit are you?"

I shook my head, "No fucking way."

Rider let me go and grinned, "I'll make breakfast. Dorian grabbed your list from
your cupboard back at the old place and I stuck it above the coffee machine, so
we knew what you'd want. That okay?"

"It's perfect." I pressed a kiss to my brother's cheek, "You know I'm gonna miss
you when you are gone."

"I know. Laker too, maybe we can all move out here. I know Dad would love to
have you around more."

"I doubt that. But thanks for that thought." I said.

Rider shrugged as he headed out the door to leave me to my own devices.

I did everything I said and I even had time to play a quick round of their
favorite car racing game. Laker laughed at me, "Dude, you suck!"

"My life wasn't spent playing video games, wanna run an obstacle course with me,
or go around in the boxing ring?"

Laker looked at me and smirked, "I could take you if you didn't cheat."

"Do you wanna prove that?" I asked.

Rider started laughing and nearly choked on his eggs. Laker stood up and offered
me his hand, "You name the place and I'll be there."

"I'm not going to forget."

Laker smiled, "Good." We shook hands and he pulled me up off the couch. "You
better get going, you'll be late for your very important date."

"I'm never late." I grinned at him and glanced down at my watch. "I wasn't even
close to being late."

Laker giggled. "I figured you wanted to be 30 minutes early so you are running
late."

I hugged my brother as I walked past. "Thanks man, don't know what I'd do
without you."

"You'd probably die of anxiety attacks." Laker laughed as he sat back down to
play another few games with his brother.didn't with my Dad." I confided.

"That's different Nox. There is nothing to forgive, he didn't know. You had to
get over years of built up preconceptions. And Kai is a hard man to love. You've
seen him with his other children, and you know how hard it is sometimes for my
father to love the man."

I laughed a little. I'd known Kai my whole life. He was like an Uncle to Dorian.
And we'd had dinner many times when I was a child. He was the perfect hunter. My
idol and my father. It was hard to get past the latter. But I was doing better,
and so was Kai. we were working on it. Dorian gave me one last hug. "Call me if
you need me, Nox. Any time."

I nodded. "I will Dorian. Thank you again."

"My pleasure son. Go follow your leads." He said as he walked out the door. And
I was alone again.

The world wanted to press in on me but I pushed back. Alex had accused me of not
standing up for myself. He was wrong in that. I choose my battles carefully.
There was only so much strength in me. I picked up the dragon's cell phone and
turned it on, thankful when I saw the logo of her provider flash on. At least it
wasn't dead. I didn't have a charger for that type of phone. I hated when
companies used proprietary plugs.

The wallpaper of Naomi's phone was a picture of her son. He was flying a car
through the air in Central Park. it made me smile. How was I ever going to take
care of a kid, I couldn't even take care of myself. I was such a mess.

I had to fight my own inner demons and push them away so i could focus. I pulled
up her recent calls and scanned through them. I sighed as I recognized one of
them fucking Val. At least I didn't have to go to IT. Valentino Sprague was a
werewolf who sold secrets for a price. He was shady and I disliked dealing with
him. But I knew that if he was dealing with Dragons Dom didn't know about it.
And that was about to change.

I pulled my cell phone out of my pocket and noticed that it was still on do not
disturb from last night. A torrent of emotions flood my mind. All the feelings
from the night before tied up in one small setting on my phone.

I couldn't push it away. I didn't want to. I wanted to feel it all even the
pain. I just wanted to say I'm sorry again. Tell him I'd try harder. I wiped the
tears that fell from my eyes and decided I'd have to call Dom after a shower.
It's not like 20 minutes was going to kill the lead. Val didn't even know I knew
he was selling secrets or himself to the dragons.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNjY1MTAxODU2XX0=
-->