#  The Dragon Heads

I walked to the AU building and was still 35 minutes early. The big official
conference room was in a more public area. I was wearing a pair of faded blue
jeans, a plain t-shirt for once and my gray hoodie. My hair was still dyed the
color of Alex's eyes, and my nails were painted by my loving little brothers.
They'd actually done a good job despite the multi colored phenomenon I had going
on. They refused to try the different colors on themselves, no I was their
guinea pig.

I sat outside the room waiting. I didn't expect anyone to be here until much
later, but I was oddly surprised when an elderly man sat beside me. His dragon
shadow dwarfed anyone's I'd ever seen. I was surprised no one could see his
golden scales they were so bright.

He didn't' look at me as he set his hands on his knees, "You must be Nox
Sétanta."

"I am."

He gave me a small smirk but continued to study the painting across from me.

"I'm Reginald Silverman. Head of the Golden Clan."

"There isn't a meeting is there?" I asked, but it was mostly rhetorical.

"No, there is. One that isn't privy to others, but I asked your supervisor to
let me speak with you. She informed me that any time you were given you'd be
early, so it gives us plenty of time to talk."

"The meeting I'm not attending."

He shook his head, "No, son. This meeting has nothing to do with your actions
against Ye Pan. The evidence was astounding, and from the papers that I've seen
there has been a long history of Pan's treachery. The meeting is a neutral
location for us Dragons to meet and discuss the fate of the Last Phoenix. As I'm
sure you are well aware, customs indicate the most powerful Dragon leads the
clan."

I continued. "And usually that show of strength is killing the current leader.
Yeah that's how all supernatural ranking works. You stay top dog as long as you
can stay alive."

"So you see our dilmeia?"

I nodded. "Yes, sir. A venatori hunter killed the leader."

The man looked at me and smiled, "Not just any Venatori Hunter, son, you!"

I shrugged. "I'm nothing. Just a kid who no one likes."

"From what I understand you are the most powerful Cesari in generations, you
overcame the call of the dragon." He laughed, and studied the picture across
from us again. "But that's not surprising. Ilsana has been watching you for
years even though she should have completed her job long ago."

"Ilsana?"

"I forget, you know her as Margo here. Ilsana, is my daughter, and your
therapist, and once upon a long time ago she was your nanny, Lana, I believe you
called her back then.."

I looked at him and frowned, "What?"

Reginald sighed, "I didn't want to tell you this, Margo was insistent that I do.
It was time she said."

"Time for what?"

"To grow up, Nox." Margo stepped out of the shadows. "Dad, don't beat around the
bush with him. He'll hate you for it."

"Tell me, now!" I demanded of my therapist.

"You know dragons are shape changers. I was sent to kill you and your sister. I
couldn't do it." She looked at her father. "I couldn't do it." She signed and
never took her eyes off her father. "I struck a deal with an ally. He was going
to kill them for me. I don't know what he did, but the girl, she vanished, gone.
I got there just as your protective energies shout around you. Whatever he was
couldn't touch you. Your sister wasn't so lucky. He left you there after taking
your mother's memory from her of your sister, and it removed her empathy for
you. She didn't want to care for you which is why she had a nanny. And why she
gave you up, she couldn't stand to look at you even then Nox."

I shook my head in disbelief. "You fucking messed with my family?" I stood up. I
looked at the golden dragon, "And you knew?"

"I knew you were supposed to be dead, but were not. I didn't know of the twin,
nor of the deal." He looked at Margo with disappointment."I knew Margo failed in
her job, and started a whole chain of events that only pile on to now including
the life of the young Drake Pierce. Who, Nox, is yours. A new clan, however
small, but a new one has been established. Much like the Rogue Wolves here in
New York. I will send you more Dragons who do not want to partake of the clan
hierarchy, if that's suitable for you?"

"Me?"

He smiled. "You have two full Dragon's already, and in two weeks you'll have the
young nether. Naomi swore the oaths this morning before her execution. I'm
taking Drake today after the meeting for lessons. And Ms. Virginia McMillian,
she will be moving her allegiances to you as well. While she believes The Dragon
dead, she believes you are will take better care of her."

"I'm not a dragon."

He stood and clasped me on the shoulder. "Just keep doing what you are doing,
young one. It will all work out. I am going to head to your cafeteria and see
what despicable food I can find."

I smirked, "I'd offer to cook for you, but sadly my kitchen is no longer here."

"Young man, that would be delightful one day, maybe when I return the young
nether to you, then."

"Sounds like a date." I grinned.

He nodded at me and took his daughter by her elbow. Margo, or Ilsana, or was it
Lana, protested. I glared at her. She fucking was sent to kill me, I had a
sister. What the fuck!Scene Break
 Lead Number Two

I pulled up the number to call Liam. He was my go to when I needed to speak to
Dom personally. And that was when I remembered I hadn't seen Marshal yet, so
much for seeing Desmond. Not that I really needed to do that. I'd slept through
my alarms. How the fuck had I done that. I sent Marshal's assistant a text

N: Hey Mary, tell Marshall I'm sorry I didn't make it today. I had some personal
problems to deal with.

M: No problem, Nox. Marshall hardly noticed the cute annoying boy who is always
bugging him on Wednesday morning was missing.

N: Glad to be noticed :) I'll make it up to you (him) with a decent breakfast.

M: You know he won't get any.

N: He won't even notice! :)

With that out of the way I called Liam.

"Yo." The werewolf answered.

"Hey Liam, Nox."

"I know who it is." He chuckled on the other end, "To what do I owe this
displeasure?"

I grinned, "I need to talk to Dom. Like him, not you."

Liam sighed, "You don't want my good looks?"

"I'd settle for them, but duckling, I need the big boss man. It's about Val."

Liam groaned, "I see how it is. You want to see Val over me." Liam spit on the
ground. "I'll get on it boss. I'll call you back with the details."

"Thanks man." I hung up and knew that Liam would get it done, he always did. I
could have called Dom myself, but that was a call I only liked to make in an
emergency. And this was hardly an emergency.

I started down the hall to the elevator I didn't feel like taking the stairs. As
I rode down I sent Alex a text. He seemed fond of Drake before maybe it would
interest him. But I don't know, he hadn't responded to my last text. It kinda
felt like it was over, but he went through all that trouble to fix it, for what?
To tell me so he could take it away. It was what he said he wanted to do after
all. I didn't want to think about it. So I just typed the message anyway, until
he told me to fuck off I was going to keep sending them.

N: I just thought I'd let you know that I was heading down to Drake's apartment
to pick up some of his things. You think he'd like anything special?

I didn't expect an answer, anymore than I had received one about lunch tomorrow.
But I'd keep my lunch open for him. Any lunch. I sighed as I looked down as the
ground approached. The panic started to rise but I kept watching as the ground
grew closer. It was only slightly less unnerving going down with the ground
approaching.

But by the time we had reached the ground I was hyperventilating. I managed to
get off the elevator but I sat down at his table and ordered a cup of black
coffee and held the warmth of it in my hand and breath deep of the strong aroma
to calm down. I would fight everything that made me me if that was what Alex
wanted. Fuck I'd give him the world if he asked for it.

As I sipped my coffee someone sat down across from me. I looked up to see Ant,
but it wasn't Ant, it was his father, it took me a second to differentiate
between the two. "Did Ant send you?" I asked.

"He did. He'd have come himself but the sun is high in the sky and your room is
locked down." He gave me a smile. "You don't look good."

"I'm fine." I lied I didn't want to talk about it with Ant's father much less
anyone else. Talking with Margo hadn't helped either.

Tony laughed. It was heartwarming. It was part of his vampiric power to calm
individuals around him. He was a strong empath. "You don't feel fine, Nox. Ant's
worried. He said you were beaming happiness and then all of a sudden it was
broken anxiety and high point depression. I can feel the anxiety wafting off of
you."

I shrugged. "I'm fine, Tony." I stood up and threw my empty cup away. "I have to
go to work."

"I can walk with you." He said. It wasn't a request and who was I to stop a
fucking Prince of the Underworld. But it wasn't like hell, it was another name
for Sanctuary, the home of the Primeval Vampires. A place made with magic inside
of a mountain someplace on the other side of the Earth. The only way to enter is
to shadowwalk. Some Primeval Vampires have never even seen the light of day.

We walked out of the AU building. With Ant I would have flirted some, but Tony
was not his son. And we weren't that close and even if he had a male playmate, I
wasn't about to think Tony would appreciate some fucking kid flirting with him.

And while Tony looked my age he was 900+ years old. He was younger than Cari by
20 plus years. Which in vampire years was nothing. My measly 25 years was
nothing to him. We walked in silence for a while until we boarded a train. "You
walk in the open?"

I nodded.

"No one ever stares?" He asked.

I grinned. "I like the stares."

"So the flames are normal?" Tony asked.

I ran my fingers through my hair and sighed. "No. Normally it's just orange, or
red or blue. Not multi colored. I was messing around with a friend."

"The same friend who has you on a rollercoaster?" He asked.

I nodded. "The very same."

"Do you want to talk about it?"

I shook my head. "Not really. It's just complicated."

Tony looked past me like he was lost in a memory. "I remember when my love life
was complicated. I loved her so much, I grew up loving her. And then everyone
forbade us from even seeing each other."

"But you still saw her." I said.

"We did, which is why it was complicated. I love Sierra. I do, but Cari is
something else. I can't break the bond we forged. You are probably the only
person outside of Cari's small circle who knows the truth."

I laughed. "It's not because I'm friend with your son you know. He only
confirmed what I knew to be a truth."

"He told me. Anthony is very forthcoming with your relationship. His mother has
him singing like a canary."

"I'm not a secret Tony. I just see things differently. I saw the first time I'd
met you two, the bond you shared was so powerful when you stood next to each
other your auras merged."

Tony chuckled, "Nick says much the same thing. I only have one piece of advice
to give you about complicated. Uncomplicate it. When I told Sierra about Cari it
was hard. She kicked me out of the house. She forbade the kids from seeing me.
But China and Henry were grown by then and they could make their own decisions.
Sierra and I are still friends, but the part of our relationship that had been
love had already faded. Uncomplicate it."

I sighed. "I think that's the problem. We uncomplicated it. There are no hidden
truths anymore. But it left a tangled mess, much like all my other
relationships. My father's, my mother's, even fucking Dorian's. It's complicated
with Sage, and Mia and with Ant."

Tony nodded, "Then maybe that's not what needs to be uncomplicated."

"I'm the problem is what you are saying."

He nodded and then shook his head. "I think you are making it too complicated.
You either love him, or you don't. Uncomplicate it Nox."

I sighed, maybe he was right, but how the fuck did I go about uncomplicating
myself. Though I hadn't actually said it was a him, "Am I that transparent?"

Tony was weighing his decision visibly. He laughed. "Honestly, Nox I wouldn't
know a gay man from a straight man these days. I only know what Ant has told me
about you. And if you are having relationship issues, it's only with another
man. You almost as predictable as Cari is."

"I think I'm a little more predictable."

Tony laughed. "Maybe."

The train lurched to our stop and we got off. "I can leave if you are feeling
better."

"It's up to you, Tony. I'm good either way. I'm just going to go unlock a safe,
grab some kid things from the apartment and go back. But I do need to get in
contact with Jack. I need him to tell me what's on the USB stick in the safe."

Tony sighed, "Cari and her chevalier are all in Italy in comunicado. Jack I'm
told is going and I quote fucking insane."

"Well shit."

"You could always call your hacker friend. I don't know why you use Jack when
your best friend is just as good as Chevalier." Tony laughed, "Or you could
call… what's his name… Reaper? He's a rival hacker isn't he? I can never keep up
with all that shit. Computers, hell lights are sometimes more complicated than
things I knew as a kid your age."

I laughed and had to stop and lean against a wall to catch my breath. "That was
almost 900 years ago Tony. Fuck there were no computers or fucking lights!"

Tony grinned, Ant looked exactly like his father and all I saw was my friend as
he said, "My point exactly. You humans advance so fast."

"I'm not human."

"You know what I mean. But back to asking The Wicked Truth for help. I'll see
that the payment is a favor of Cari and you'd owe her."

"That could work." I said. "Can you tell Ant to come see me when night falls and
we'll go see Sage and offerup the favor."

Tony nodded. "I can do that. You going to be okay? Ant will decide never to send
me again if I come back with you in knots still." He grinned, "Though I think
that would benefit me in the long run. Running errands for my son." I knew he
wasn't running errands for Ant, he was probably doing Cari a favor.

He laughed, "You are too intuitive for your own good. Yes, Cari made me come see
you when Ant was restless. You are her favorite pet."

I sighed. "And she's my favorite master." i said with sarcasm.

"I won't tell her you said that." Ant's father said as he stepped into the
shadows of the nearest ally. "Just call if you need anything." He said. "And I
mean the phone. I'll have Anthony text it to you."

"Thanks." I said as he shifted out of sight to god knows where. I was where I
needed to be anyway. So it didn't matter really. I didn't need a babysitter.


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTg2MTAxMTkyMl19
-->