#  The Dragon Heads

I walked to the AU building and was still 35 minutes early. The big official
conference room was in a more public area. I was wearing a pair of faded blue
jeans, a plain t-shirt for once and my gray hoodie. My hair was still dyed the
color of Alex's eyes, and my nails were painted by my loving little brothers.
They'd actually done a good job despite the multi colored phenomenon I had going
on. They refused to try the different colors on themselves, no I was their
guinea pig.

I sat outside the room waiting. I didn't expect anyone to be here until much
later, but I was oddly surprised when an elderly man sat beside me. His dragon
shadow dwarfed anyone's I'd ever seen. I was surprised no one could see his
golden scales they were so bright.

He didn't' look at me as he set his hands on his knees, "You must be Nox
SÃ©tanta."

"I am."

He gave me a small smirk but continued to study the painting across from me.

"I'm Reginald Silverman. Head of the Golden Clan."

"There isn't a meeting is there?" I asked, but it was mostly rhetorical.

"No, there is. One that isn't privy to others, but I asked your supervisor to
let me speak with you. She informed me that any time you were given you'd be
early, so it gives us plenty of time to talk."

"The meeting I'm not attending."

He shook his head, "No, son. This meeting has nothing to do with your actions
against Ye Pan. The evidence was astounding, and from the papers that I've seen
there has been a long history of Pan's treachery. The meeting is a neutral
location for us Dragons to meet and discuss the fate of the Last Phoenix. As I'm
sure you are well aware, customs indicate the most powerful Dragon leads the
clan."

I continued. "And usually that show of strength is killing the current leader.
Yeah that's how all supernatural ranking works. You stay top dog as long as you
can stay alive."

"So you see our dilmeia?"

I nodded. "Yes, sir. A venatori hunter killed the leader."

The man looked at me and smiled, "Not just any Venatori Hunter, son, you!"

I shrugged. "I'm nothing. Just a kid who no one likes."

"From what I understand you are the most powerful Cesari in generations, you
overcame the call of the dragon." He laughed, and studied the picture across
from us again. "But that's not surprising. Ilsana has been watching you for
years even though she should have completed her job long ago."

"Ilsana?"

"I forget, you know her as Margo here. Ilsana, is my daughter, and your
therapist, and once upon a long time ago she was your nanny, Lana, I believe you
called her back then.."

I looked at him and frowned, "What?"

Reginald sighed, "I didn't want to tell you this, Margo was insistent that I do.
It was time she said."

"Time for what?"

"To grow up, Nox." Margo stepped out of the shadows. "Dad, don't beat around the
bush with him. He'll hate you for it."

"Tell me, now!" I demanded of my therapist.

"You know dragons are shape changers. I was sent to kill you and your sister. I
couldn't do it." She looked at her father. "I couldn't do it." She signed and
never took her eyes off her father. "I struck a deal with an ally. He was going
to kill them for me. I don't know what he did, but the girl, she vanished, gone.
I got there just as your protective energies shout around you. Whatever he was
couldn't touch you. Your sister wasn't so lucky. He left you there after taking
your mother's memory from her of your sister, and it removed her empathy for
you. She didn't want to care for you which is why she had a nanny. And why she
gave you up, she couldn't stand to look at you even then Nox."

I shook my head in disbelief. "You fucking messed with my family?" I stood up. I
looked at the golden dragon, "And you knew?"

"I knew you were supposed to be dead, but were not. I didn't know of the twin,
nor of the deal." He looked at Margo with disappointment."I knew Margo failed in
her job, and started a whole chain of events that only pile on to now including
the life of the young Drake Pierce. Who, Nox, is yours. A new clan, however
small, but a new one has been established. Much like the Rogue Wolves here in
New York. I will send you more Dragons who do not want to partake of the clan
hierarchy, if that's suitable for you?"

"Me?"

He smiled. "You have two full Dragon's already, and in two weeks you'll have the
young nether. Naomi swore the oaths this morning before her execution. I'm
taking Drake today after the meeting for lessons. And Ms. Virginia McMillian,
she will be moving her allegiances to you as well. While she believes The Dragon
dead, she believes you are will take better care of her."

"I'm not a dragon."

He stood and clasped me on the shoulder. "Just keep doing what you are doing,
young one. It will all work out. I am going to head to your cafeteria and see
what despicable food I can find."

I smirked, "I'd offer to cook for you, but sadly my kitchen is no longer here."

"Young man, that would be delightful one day, maybe when I return the young
nether to you, then."

"Sounds like a date." I grinned.

He nodded at me and took his daughter by her elbow. Margo, or Ilsana, or was it
Lana, protested. I glared at her. She fucking was sent to kill me, I had a
sister. What the fuck!

