#  Mandatory Vacation

I stood in the hallway for much too long thinking. I only knew it was too long
because Dorian found me standing there. He was smirking when I noticed him, "How
long have you been standing there?"

"About five minutes, give or take a few seconds." Dorian answered.

"I take it Reginald told you?" I asked.

"Last night in a meeting. It was Margo's suggestion."

"That was supposed to be a meeting about Drake, wasn't it."

"It was, and many other things too. You did the impossible, Nox." Dorian said.

"What was that?"

"The Dragons came to us when Ye Pan died. Not the other way around. You are
forging us alliances without trying. Reginald has never been allowed in this
building, none of the dragon heads."

I gave him a curious look and he laughed and answered the question I didn't have
to ask. "Mark Green has always been afraid to let the dragons into the building
out of fear they'd kill him. It's Dragon law to kill strong Cesari. They know
when you are born. Just as it's their law to kill half dragons like Drake. But
their laws are strict, and succession must progress. Everything in order. If you
let one nether or cesari live the remainder life until he or she dies."

"I know the law. But why do we have Cesari?"

Dorian smiled. "Why do you think Mark Green is leader?"

"He's the strongest Cesari of his generation."

"Nox, he was the strongest of all generations, until you were born. Did you ever
wonder why your power was so much greater than that of Mark Greens?"

I shook my head. "I didn't think about it. Figured it had to do with my ability
to see the patterns so easily."

Dorian shrugged, "That's part of it, but your power is astronomically greater
than a 5 Nox. You shouldn't exist."

I laughed, "Sounds very much like my life."

Dorian grinned, "I know son. But because the Dragon controlled you, everyone
believes you need to take a break. Wrap your head around it all. Think of it
like paid leave of absence, or what the police officers get when they kill a
person. Go take a vacation with Alex and your brothers. Find some down time."

"I'm fine."

"You are Nox. I see it. But you just had a lot of things drop on you. You just
moved, you've a three year old coming, two sixteen year old boys to tend to, and
a new boyfriend." Dorian grinned, "A boyfriend!" He rolled his eyes, "I'd never
thought I'd see that day. Two weeks - mandatory. I don't want to see you in the
AU building at all Nox. Not a foot inside."

I sighed but nodded. "Alright, I guess I can manage that."

Dorian took me by the shoulders and turned me around towards the stairs and
pushed me, "Now go. I want to see a tan boy."

I sighed as I walked. I wasn't going to sit around and do nothing. I could lie
in bed with Alex… I wanted to see him. But he hadn't gotten back to me at all,
but I sent him a text anyway. Maybe he'd answer this time.

N: I have two weeks off, maybe we can spend some of it together - Naked in a bed
sounds pretty good to me.
