# 

New York City’s skyline came into view over the horizon but disappeared as the
Lincoln tunnel entryway dipped below the ground. I’d been staring at the city
wishing the weather was warmer so I could have the top down. Driving Serenity in
the winter was not my favorite thing to do, but I had a woman to see and this
the fastest way in and out of the City I so despised.  
  
I had bad memories here, but it was more than that. The crowds, all the people,
but more so, all the supernatural people made a home in the City that Never
Sleeps. New York was home to vampires, and werewolves and worst of all the
Venatori - the killers of men like me.  
  
Last week one of those bad memories came back to haunt me. I was reading the
headlines on my phone while lounging poolside with Veronica - my last mark. A
wealthy woman who was embezzling from a Children’s Hospital - of all things. She
was their accountant - well sorta. She worked for the company that did their
accounting and she didn’t actually know she was stealing from the kids. Veronica
just saw an influx of cash.  
  
I only really cared because Kate had cared about this charity. She’d lost her
son to a childhood cancer. Only to lose herself to a different strain of the
disease years later. Normally I’d have taken Veronica for all she was worth, but
this time I did it for the kids. I did the honorable thing and sent the
information to the FBI before I left with little more than a kiss goodbye. She
thought I was just going to get ice.  
  
But that was when I saw the headline, “Daughter of Kate Blanchard to Auction off
the entire Blanchard Estate.” I had more than enough information on Veronica so
I bailed and now me and Serenity were heading back into the city that held the
worst of my memories - almost as horrible as seeing the mangled body of my
mother lying on a slab in the morgue. I’d been seventeen then, and Kate had
saved me. Only to fucking die a year later.  
  
A car blared its horn behind me pulling me from the despicable memory. I pulled
up all of a cars length and flipped the guy the bird in the mirror. We were
getting nowhere fast.  
  
After I got through the Lincoln tunnel it would be a short ride, though probably
still take me well over an hour to get to the apartment Kate left me when she
passed. I’d stayed there a few times but I hadn’t been back in years - 5 years
to be exact. I didn’t want to think about the reason. It was enough that I had a
job to do. I couldn’t believe the little conniving bitch was selling everything
her mother owned. I could just purchase it all but what was the fun in that? No,
there were better ways to get the sort of revenge she deserved. I had heard all
about the family squabbles and the ill-intent for her mother in the year we’d
been together. All I could think then was spoiled little brat. Now I was
thinking mercenary bitch!  
  
What I wouldn’t have given for one more day with my mother. Just to say goodbye.
But Janice Pritchard didn’t have the same kindness towards her mother. If it
hadn’t had been for me Kate would have died alone. I didn’t like seeing her die.
It had reminded me too much of my own mother, despite the fact the relationship
hadn’t been similar. Losing someone was always hard.  
  
I could still hear the rattle in of Kate’s breathing as she took her last
breath. It was the stuff of my nightmares.  
  
The first thing I would do when I opened the apartment door was take a shower,
then I’d call the cleaning lady to schedule a full cleaning. The place had to be
full of dust even though I had it cleaned once a month. I couldn’t wait to lay
down in the bed. It was \*\*my\*\* bed. I’d bought it, picked it out and it was
heaven. I needed a good night's rest before I started my assessment of Janice
Pritchard.



I followed Kate's daughter around for two weeks listening to her thoughts,
watching her habits. I had my hacker bug her phone and gather whatever social
media presence she had. Then with all that intel I knew what she wanted and
needed to get my biggest reward. I rented an apartment above the Lincoln Center,
something that fit her budget and her prestige. It was a three bedroom with a
great view of Central park. It was already furnished and I was more than happy
with the decorations. The next step was to put myself in her path. Which wasn't
hard. She frequented a high end club that her ex-husband used to own. But he
sold out to some other high end company. I was beginning to not like her ex. He
had taken advantage of a great many things.

Janice also had the auction where she was selling her mother's estate off. I was
going to that of course, but I wasn't sure if that was a good thing. Seeing
Kate's possessions was bound to have a negative effect on my mood. Or a good one
depending on what it was. New York City was a rough place to be.

The auction was to take place in an hour at Kate's estate. I'd never been there.
We stayed at high end hotels at first, then the place I have now. It was a gift
from her late husband when they were dating. But I wouldn't be going back there
for a while now that I had to play the role of Brent Smith. Ironically the name
I was supposed to use with her mother, but when asked by those plump red lips I
said Alex. I never used my real name.

I dressed in a high end tailored suit and shoes that cost more than the monthly
rent on the apartment. I felt good. I looked even better. This woman was going
to be eating out of my hands.

Kate's estate wasn't a grand lush mansion. Those didn't exist in New York City.
Maybe out in the Hamptons but in New York they were penthouse estates. I wasn't
the only one dressed to the nines on our way up to the auction site. I had to
keep thinking like that, this was about the acquisitions, the antiques, the
paintings, the jewellery. I needed to forget these were Kate’s things. Janice
was the mark, and I needed to

But the moment I walked into the penthouse apartment I could smell Kate. And
when I laid eyes on Janice Pritchard I could have swore I saw Kate. I stopped in
mid step and the man behind me ran into me. I adjusted my coat and stepped aside
with a mumbled apology. I stared for too long, the woman approached me with a
bright smile - the same smile as her mother when I first met her.

The smile made it easier and harder as she came up to me with it. "I don't think
I've seen you around before. Mister…" she fished for my name.

"Smith, but you can call me Brent." One minor victory, I didn't tell her my
name.

"Brent. What are you here for today?"

I glanced around and looked at the sign for the auction and was taken aback by
the generous donation of Janice Pritchard to the very same children's hospital
her mother had founded and given half of her estate to. I looked back at the
woman who looked terribly like her mother, and had the same large heart for
their fallen kin. "I'm here for the children."

"Oh, how lovely." Janice clapped her hands. "Come sit by me. I can give you all
sorts of juicy tidbits about each of the pieces."



I ended up paying too much for a trinket. It was a jeweled egg, there were
plenty of other jeweled eggs, apparently Kate had collected them, but this one
reminded me of Kate. Janice told me this one was the last one she had purchased
before she passed, and that it had represented her love of life.

Janice leaned in and whispered, "My mother was having an affair with a younger
man when she bought this. You can see the blues, Mother said they reminded her
of his eyes. I never met the man, she kept him secreted away god knows where.
But she was happy. Not that I was around to see any of it. Lyle was envenomed at
her for leaving half the estate to the Foundation. I'm selling the rest off for
the foundation to stuff it it in his face."

Janice was so proud of herself for standing up to her ex. And she was auctioning
off Kate's remaining estate to benefit the foundation Kate started. My entire
plan was shot. But now more than ever I wanted to help to do something. So when
Janice offered me a ride home I gladly took it. I was pretending to drink too
much, but I hadn't really had a sip, I only made her think that. She on the
other hand had the entire bottle of champagne except for the one glass I had,
and several cocktails at the auction.

The window to the drivers door was down and Janice was lounging against me. She
looked up and I saw her mother. But this was a different woman. I kissed her and
it felt wrong. Janice was her daughter. I looked away and out the window. Janice
sat up and put her hand on my leg. "What's wrong darling, I thought we were
having fun."

I took a deep breathe. And turned to look at her. I smiled and I knew I didn't
feel it. "I… I have a confession to make." I felt sheepish, and small, all part
of the act. I had a new angle, and it hadn't taken long to come up with it. "I'm
gay." I sighed in relief. Like a weight had been lifted from my shoulders.
"You're the first person I've told."

Her hand went to her mouth and she giggled. "I have a confession to make too."
She looked over at the drivers window and grinned at the man up front. He knew
whatever it was she was going to confess. "I have a kink."

"Don't we all." I said. It was heavy on her mind exactly what that kink was and
how much her ex-husband judged her for it, but I let her tell me herself. Most
of the time what they thought and what they said didn't match. I couldn't wait
to hear it.

"My husband didn't understand it. That's why he's my ex. She reached under one
of the seats and pulled out a box. It was ominous whatever this secret was. She
opened the lid and inside was a set of leather clothes. Though I wasn't sure how
much of it would be thought of as clothing, there was a collar, though it looked
too manly for something a woman like Janice would wear. But the rest, the
panties, the bra that was just a strip across each nipple binding her body
tightly. She probably looked amazing in it, but the whips and handcuffs and the
other implements of her kink were not my thing.

I could only do so much before I'd have to bail. I asked, "Are you the top or
the bottom?"

I hadn't judged her. Her smile brightened. "A top. I haven't found the right man
yet."

"You are looking for ano… what do they call them? subs?" I smiled hoping she
hadn’t noticed the slip, "I might be able to help you?"

She shook her head, "No I have a sub, don't I Jimmy?" She said looking to the
driver.

"Yes ma'am. I'm sure Jared would love for you to find someone else to play with
him too."

"Jared?" I asked.

"My sub. He's my pool boy. He lives in the building, tends to the gym areas, but
we all call him the pool boy. He's very well behaved, but he likes men too. He's
happy to have me as his Mistress, but I sense he's not happy."

"So you're looking for another top to top him with, or top you?" I asked.
Genuinely questioning the intent here. I'd heard of threesomes, and a chain of
tops and bottoms, but I'd never actually seen the chain happen before.

Janice giggled and picked up the cat of nine tails and smacked it against her
own leg. "I don't think I'd like to be a bottom at all. A little spanking from a
lover is alright, but I think I'll stay on top."

I grinned, "I might be able to help you. Give me a day or two and I'll arrange
something."

Janice smiled at me, "How are you going to help me?"

I smiled. "Along with money, I have some connections."



Janice dropped me off at the Lincoln Center apartment and I asked her if she
wanted to come up and we could talk more, but she had other obligations. I was
knew those obligations were not made up, there were people counting on her to
take care of the accounting of funds for the Children's hospital.

When I got up stairs to my apartment I placed the egg on the mantle in the
center. I had photos of me doing daring things on there. Actual photos of me
doing things - rock climbing, skydiving. I had a feeling she'd like them and the
more I actually got to know her I was correct in my assessment. Though, I
wouldn't be playing the romance angel, gay best friend was going to work much
better.

I knew from her own thoughts she'd always wanted a gay best friend. So now I had
to rework that angle.

My connections weren't exactly a lie, but they were faked. I had one connection
that truly mattered - his handle was 'The Wicked Truth'. He was a hacker of
unique ability. Though there was Reaper - who unlike The Wicked Truth liked to
work against me. He would always undercut me on intel jobs if we were competing.
Seriously annoying. He was likely a kid. The Wicked Truth wasn't like that and
he was well worth the price I had to pay to get what I wanted done.

It wasn't hard to contact him. Once long ago I had made the mistake of letting
him access my phone. And he implanted a little program that tracked me. I'd
switched phones, but he always seemed to be able to track me down. Bank accounts
or something he said. There was always a way. I didn't doubt him. It was well
beyond my acquired wisdom.

I shot him a text over the encrypted program he kept installing.

BS: Have a job for you

It wasn't long before I got a reply back

tWT: What do you need?

BS: Need to gain access to a high end D/s club

tWT: Personal connections cost more

BS: I know, can you hook me up or not?

tWT: Of course I can. 30K For another 30K I can get you in with the owner.

That was an interesting thought. I ran my fingers through my hair trying to make
the decision. I paced the living room of my posh apartment. It was a lot of
money for one thing, but it was worth it.

BS: OK. Will be wired as usual.

tWT: Information will follow.

While I waited for the information from the Wicked Truth. I had to make a few
wardrobe changes and rethink some of the choices in my apartment. I didn't look
like I was a closet gay. Not that I knew what one looked like, since I wasn't
one. There had been plenty of men in my life. The first man to… I didn't want to
think about it. The experience itself wasn't bad, but the memories that came
with it were something I really wanted nothing to do with - specially now that I
was back in New York.



The Wicked Truth had been fast. Within an hour I had a meeting with Jaxen Oliver
of Oliver's Orgie House, or more politely know as Ooh. I googled them, and found
their website. It was a classy black web page with purple lettering that looked
like Neon glow. There was a contact form, and a 'secure' registration page. No
other information.

I clicked the registration page just to see what would happen and it took me to
a single text box with a purple glowing button. The box read: 'Referral'

I bet it wasn't even a name, I bet it was a bunch of random characters that only
had one use. I'd seen gambling sites and even porography sites like that. You
pay for a code and it sends you a code.

I dressed in a little differently when I want to meet with Jaxen. I opted for a
green pastel polo with a pair of black slacks and a pair of comfortable boots. I
grabbed a hooded sweatshirt to make it look like I was slightly embarrassed to
be about that type of place.

The place wasn't too far from either of my homes - well with in walking
distance, but I grabbed a taxi instead. I was playing the lost rich boy I might
as well spend the money, though this job wasn't going to have the payout I had
been expecting. I was going to have to make this trip worthwhile with a few new
investments from someone in Janice's crowd or maybe even at Ooh.

The address I was given however was not Ooh. It was a discrete coffee shop
across the street from the glowing purple neon sign that blinked in the
daylight. A blond man with blue eyes stood when I walked in and offered me a
seat at his table. "Mr. Smith. A pleasure to meet you. A mutual friend said you
needed a favor?"

A mutual friend. I wouldn't call the Wicked Truth a friend but I nodded anyway.
"You could say that."

Mr. Oliver's order arrived as did a coffee with cream and two sugars. I looked
across at him and shook my head. "Our mutual friend."

He nodded. "He is thorough."

"He is." I nodded then took a sip of my hot coffee. It was amazing. I set the
cup down with a smile. "And he knows how to pick the place."

"He didn't pick it."

"You did?"

Mr. Oliver shook his head. "Ah, no. Our mutual friend used a mutual friend to
get in touch, this is his preferred coffee joint."

I didn't like other people knowing my business. "How many people know about our
meeting?"

"Just me and our mutual friend. It's an exchange of favors. I owe his friend a
favor. And his friend owes him a favor. Access to the club I can manage without
our third party interference, but our friend doesn't know me personally, he
couldn’t exactly set up a meeting I'd actually attend even if it was on my
agenda." He spoke in a roundabout way but the connection to both of them was
clear. The images in his head while he thought about their mutual acquaintance
almost made me blush.

"So he knew nothing?"

"Only that a meeting face to face needed to go down." He smiled, "And the fact
that a hacker had set up the meeting meant discrete. This was discrete. I
wouldn't have had a problem with you coming into Ooh for this face to face. No
one is there right now but me and the staff anyway. What is it you are looking
for Mr. Smith."

I informed Jaxen Oliver of Janice's desires and his face lit up with a bright
smile. "We can manage a few training sessions for the three of you, and
introduce her to a few of our free agents see how they hit it off. If she's
looking for romance, then I'm not sure we have any that fit her needs. Most of
our men are single bachelors for life type men. They want to live the lifestyle
never really tying themselves down to anyone submissive. But I could be wrong
and she'll fall totally in love with one of them and he her.

Jaxen opened up his phone and flicked around and then looked up at me with a
smile. "I have an introductory opening tomorrow at noon. After the session and
medical clearance we can do at the same time, she'll be free to attend the mixer
we have that night. It won't just be D/s players, maybe she'll find a new kink."
Jaxen smiled brightly.

"I'll talk it over with her, can I get back to you."

"No need Mr. Smith. If she says yes, come on in. If not, well I will have missed
your blue eyes in the audience." He was flirting with me as he stood up. His
fingers brushed across my knuckles and then his hand drifted to my shoulder. "I
have another meeting to get to and if I'm late…" He didn't go on but there was a
wink and he walked out of the coffee shop like he owned the place. The images I
got back from his thoughts were highly sexual and it surprised me to know
without a shadow of a doubt that the man who'd just left was a fucking
submissive and his plans were with his Dom who he loved. There were a lot of
whispered thoughts as he left. 'He's hot, the other guy isn't bad either. He's
still sitting there.' And that was when I got up and headed for the door
dropping some additional cash on the table despite the fact Jaxen had left money
before I even sat down.



Janice was impressed with my ride when I pulled up outside her building in
Serenity. Jared was supposed to meet us there. Though when Janice got in the car
I got the thought she was glad she hadn't invited him at all. I let out a mental
sigh. I wasn't going to go down that road with her. I wasn't a sub at all. I had
to nip this in the bud before she ever even got started. "I'm looking forward to
meeting your sub. It's been a while since I've had a good bottom."

I didn't want to even think about the last time I pinned a man to the bed. I
shook my head to dislodge the memory of that thing clawing at my back.

I heard the disappointment in her head as she spoke. "Oh. I'm sure he'd love to
have another join us." Janice pulled out her phone and spoke in a quick clipped
voice. "Meet us at Seg's place." She looked at me. "We need to stop someplace
else first, if we are going where to where you said. Unless you have a bag in
that trunk of yours for the occasion." Well shit, that also backfired.

I sighed, "No. I kept it all at the old place, I didn't think I'd find a willing
partner when I wasn't actively looking." I grinned at her. She was happily
distracted with thoughts of putting me in leather outfits. I hated leather
pants, too hard to get someone out of. But I wasn't planning on having sex with
either her or Jared so leather fucking pants to look the part it was.

"Seg's is around the corner from Ooh. He set up shop there after it opened. I've
never gotten an invitation to get inside though. How did you get one?"

"A friend of a friend pulled in some favors." That was honest to god's truth.
Though I wouldn't call the Wicked Truth a friend, but this wasn't a lie for
once.

"A friend of a friend? What's his name, I might know him?" She asked curiously
as I drove.

I shrugged. "Didn't catch his name, but he and the owner have a lot in common.
Or they did years ago anyway. Still keep in touch."

"Really, he knows Jaxen Oliver. What I wouldn't do to get my hands on that man.
But you'd have a better chance than I would."

"Why is that?" I asked. I knew he was in a committed relationship.

"Oliver is gay. He doesn't even play with women, at all. His Dom on the other -
he is fine and swings both ways. Jared enjoys him."

"You let your sub play with others?" I asked confused. I risked a glance at her
and she was smiling. Her thoughts were strung out on watching Jared, how he
looked with a red ass, how his body swelled. Fuck! I pulled my shields around me
I had to pay attention or I might hurt my baby. I rubbed the steering wheel like
she was a favorite lover and smiled. I thought I'd never hurt her - not ever.

I parked in a garage as far from any other cars as I could get which after
driving the whole garage was nowhere. I parked in the next available spot with a
dejected sigh. Janice giggled, "You'll learn to just call a town car too."

Knowing that would have saved me a lot of time though I think she was suitably
impressed with Serenity. She ran her high gloss finger tip gently over her
paint, "She is a beauty though. A shame to keep her under a cover isn't it.
Maybe you should take her out to the Hamptons with us this next weekend. She'd
love the views."

“I’m sure she would,” I said not wanting to appear too eager. She was falling
right into my plans inviting me to her high end parties. Though I wasn’t trying
to gain anything here. I don't know why I was sticking around maybe it was
because Janice looked like Kate, or that she just reminded me her mother - even
the games she played were similar, though Kate wasn't into this world.

We walked to Sed's through the parking garage where a tall lean man wearing
black suit pants and a dark purple shirt stood in his patent leather shoes
waiting with his hands in his pockets. He saw us coming and his eyes light up
when he saw Janice, but it was his thoughts that betrayed him. He was in love.

He was slow dropping his eyes to the ground. He wasn't a submissive. But he
would do anything for Janice, even play at her submissive. But all Janice saw
was a sub. He was gorgeous and a good sub though a little disobedient, like now
when he looked at her too long. I think I found my reason to help her - or
rather help him.



Sed's place was actually called 'Leather and More' and the more is where Janice
led the two of us. The store sported all sorts of leather attire, from boots and
hats to other things like purses and wallets. But ‘the more’ was in the back
behind a private door which people apparently didn't go into often, from the
looks we received from a few of the patrons already in the store. Their
curiosity was piqued though, I wondered how many times unsuspecting customers
walked in and then immediately walked out red faced and embarrassed.

There was a pair of women in the back trying on leather lingerie. Jared's eyes
were cast down but the smell alone had him hard in his pants. I took a long look
at the women as they helped each other in and out of leather garments that
barely covered body parts. If they wanted privacy there was a dressing room
behind them and I knew they were getting off on being out in the open and both
were hoping that door would open more often so they could shock some of the
normal customers.

Janice was snickering in her head, thinking something about silly little girls.
"Come on Brent." She shot the women a sly smile, wrapped a proprietary hand
around my arm and pulled me over to the side. "You too, my little toy." Her mind
was running through a thousand filthy things she wanted to do, least of which
was see us naked and then in tight leather pants.

She started rummaging through the racks and found a pair of pants she tossed to
Jared who immediately started to remove his clothing without ever examining what
he was to put on. Janice kept looking and found a pair that she liked and held
them up for my preview. "These should do." She held them against my body and
checked them for length, "They might be a tad too tight though." She examined me
like I was a piece of cattle ready for sale. I wasn't liking it.

"Try them on, You have to look the part, we don't have much time to be picky."

I growled. And then kicked off my shoes. And tugged my pants down. I moved to
pull the leather up and Janice giggled. "You can't wear anything underneath
them."

I looked down at my Calvin Kleins, the boxer briefs were tight enough that they
wouldn’t make much of a difference. Janice was just trying to get me to put on a
show which I liked even less than the way she was looking at me like a piece of
meat. I sighed. "I know that. But there is no way I'm putting these on my naked
body parts without a through cleaning."

Janice sighed and nodded like she was giving me permission and I pulled the
leather pants up and over my boxers. The seams were visible and it was a very
tight fit, but I could get in them, and it would all feel better once I cleaned
them properly.

Janice clapped her hands. She picked up a leather crop that Jared was eyeing and
she smacked his bare ass with it. The pants she'd chosen for her sub were not
pants, but a pair of black leather chaps that he wore well. And he was just as
turned on by the eyes of the women next to us as he was by me checking him out.

His eyes met mine and I gave him a slight nod and he dropped his eyes shyly. We
were going to have to have a talk without Janice around.

We got back into our street clothes and Janice paid for everything despite my
feigned protest. It wasn't like I was going to wear these pants outside of this
grift. With everything paid for we made our way into Ooh. The entrance was all
dark hardwood, the man at the entrance took our coats and gave us a number while
we waited for the hostess to return.



The hostess showed up almost immediately. There was a green streak in her hair
tucked behind her ear. She wore a dark suit with white lace at the collar and
the cuffs. It was alluring but not revealing. Perfect for what lie on the other
side of those double doors.

"Mr. Smith, if you'll wait here, Mr. Oliver is on his way."

From the thoughts in her mind Janice was going to be greeted with Mr. Oliver in
tow of his Dom, our instructors.

A tall man dressed in black leather pants and vest walked through a side door
that appeared from the wall. The blonde man I met before was following collared
and eyes down cast. The shock was more apparent seeing the confident man from
before in this state. He was at complete peace in his head. There was no worry,
no thoughts of business, absolute peace.

Janice stepped forward and extended her hand to the Dom and said, "Mr. Oliver."

The smirk on his face betrayed the truth even before he spoke, "Shàngshēng."

There was a sudden shift in the thought patterns. Before where there was peace
and calm was now a torrent of thoughts. Like a switch had been flipped. But
Oliver didn't immediately lift his head while he readjusted to his thoughts. He
raised his head with slow steady precision and greeted Janice with a smile.
Jaxen Oliver stepped around the big hulk of a man in front of him wearing only
the collar and black leather thong that hid nothing from view and took her hand.
"Ms. Pritchard. It's a privilege to meet you. If you will follow Master Blake
behind the doors we'd love to show you and your party around."

Oliver glanced at me and smiled. I heard the thoughts of both men and they were
completely in love. Blake stood behind his lover and whispered in his ear,
"Xiàjiàng." You could almost hear the love in it. I listened as all thoughts
fled. Peace and emptiness prevailed. The transformation was visible on his face.
This was a man who lead a dual life and it worked for them.

"You can call me Blake. Jaxen's always rather formal when he's just coming out
of serenity. Follow me and I'll show you to the locker rooms."

The woman who greeted us added. "Anything outside of the locker rooms beyond
this point should stay in character, so we'd appreciate the adherence to the
rules, even while you are learning our ways."

We followed the pair through the hidden door and into the staff halls. The
lockers rooms were not labeled staff only, but that was all that was inside when
we were shown in. Janice was lead off by a female attending into the women's
locker room and Jared and I followed Blake and Jaxen through to the men's.



Blake spoke a little on the locker usage. Proper care, locks etc, and if we
became a full member we'd have our own personal one in the other room. I stared
at the shopping bag the whole time he was talking. I really didn't want to put
the things on.

Jared was already dressed in his leather chaps, his cock waving in the air. The
whole place was turning him on. His eyes were down cast and I sat down and
started pulling the leather pants out.

Blake laughed, "I know why the hesitation." He pointed at Jaxen and then
directed him to me. "Jaxen can help you with disinfecting quickly and dust them
for better removal." Blake smirked, "He loves buying leather pants for me but he
knows I hate them."

I gave him a smile as the club owner set to turning the new leather pants inside
out. I watched as he applied hand sanitizer to the inside, killing any bacteria
that might have been deposited by others. Was genius actually.

I looked over at Jared who was standing in a submissive pose. "Why do you submit
to her?"

"It's my Mistress's will."

"But why, you are not a sub. I can see it." It was a lie, I heard his thoughts,
how much he hated the obedience.

He looked at me falling from the submissive guise. "This is what she wants. And
the only way she sees me."

"We can change that." I grinned at me. "I can help you."

"For what price?" He gave me this knowing smirk. "Guys like you come and go.
Always after the money."

"I'm not after her money." Which was the truth I wasn't, at least not anymore.
Janice reminded me so much of Kate, but I couldn't tell him that.

"After Richard left her there were a lot of men like you. Wanting the best for
her. I'm the only one that gave her what she wants."

I smirked, "She wants someone to top with. And her toy to play with for the both
of them."

"Is that what you are here for? To play with her?"

I shrugged. "I can help you."

Jaxen laid the pants on my lap and walked back to Blake with a smile on his
lips. He'd overheard everything but he didn't say anything. I guess that was one
good thing about subs. Important conversations might be revealed after the fact
though.

I sighed and disrobed, I had no other choice but to put the leather pants Janice
had bought on. I was going to do this the I had to go all in. I looked at Jared
with a smile. "I have a thought, we need to sit down and have a good long talk."



There were three other pairings with us in our introduction to Ooh. Not all of
them were BDSM pairs, some were just here for the kink. But it seemed everyone
had to go through the same rituals. And that's really what it was. It was all
common sense.

They showed us the facility, gave a little show which had Jared even harder than
before. Janice toyed with my legs through the leather pants and I could see the
heat in Jared's eyes. The man was going to hate me if i didn't get this
straightened out. Janice looked the part, just like the other women there. The
leather covering her body but just enough so that there was plenty of skin to
show through.

Janice admired the metal arm cutout tattoo on my shoulder. I was grateful we
were too busy for her to ask about it. Her fingers roamed over my abs and she
toyed with the scar there. I expected I was going to have to tell stories about
them both. She hadn't seen the tattoo on my hip. That one I didn't want to
explain.

The class was boring except the little show. It was interesting to watch the
dynamic between Blake and Jaxen as a pair. And where I expect them to end up
having sex in front of us they did not. The others in the class were going
vigorous rounds of mutual masterbation. Jared and Janice had no such illusions.
Jared was between her legs and Janice was not even watching. I was the odd man
out, except I could play the game too. I stood behind Janice and she looked up
at me we locked eyes and I pressed my thumbs into her back. Her eyes show open
and there was a look of fear in them. I gave her a reassuring smile. "Trust me."
I whispered.

I didn't think she would but she relaxed into the pressure and she became the
one everyone watched. Step one show her what it feels like to be treated like a
submissive when you are not one. I wasn't going to stand for her treating me
like one, and Jared had for far too long.

Janice came loudly. My fingers had worked the leather from her nipples and her
breasts were red from the treatment I had played on her nipples, the leather
straps hid nothing now. She was a limp mess in my arms and Jared stared down
with a satisfied smile on his face.

Medical clearance was easy enough but sexual intercourse on club grounds was
impossible until the blood tests came back. If they came back positive for
anything, sexual intercourse was never going to be possible. We were given a bag
of bracelets with instructions. Each color represent a specific aspect of the
club. All of which indicated no sexual contact with members outside the numbers
on the bracelets.

When the all clear came back a different set would be issued. We were all also
given an invitation to the masquerade ball to be held that same night. Masks
were required at all times, clothing was optional.

When we all arrived in Janice's town car I knew Jared was naked underneath the
long coat he wore. And Janice had been wearing next to nothing when I had
arrived at her place. I wore the same thing I had that morning with the addition
of a mesh shirt. I had no intentions of letting either of them disrobe me the
entire night. Jared and I still needed to have a good talk.

Jared played the submissive well. He was proud of his body, and his long thick
cock was definitely something to be proud of. How he stayed hard even through
the tediousness of pleasantries I didn't know, it must be some trick of the
submissives. I wondered if there was a school for such things. And I was brought
back to the thoughts Jaxen was having of the Wicked Truth's friend. How they'd
learned together.

But Jared followed my lead the whole night. If I touched Janice his fingers
trailed after mine. Janice was becoming the center of his attention. He was
brazen and disobedient and Janice was loving it. She was also thinking she was
going to enjoy punishing him. But I wanted to tell her not tonight. Tonight she
was going to be too tired and limp to do anything at all.

'

And I had been the one who was right. We left the party early. We found
ourselves in Janice's apartment. She was completely naked while the two of us
cooperated. Alone I played the gay man I was supposed to be. I had Jared naked
in front of me. My cock buried deep inside him. His head lulled forward as our
fingers entwined over top of her. I held one nipple tight between my fingers and
Jared did the same on the other side. Janice's body arched beneath us. Jared's
cock pressed tight against her clit as I shifted inside of him and he groaned.
He didn't penetrate his mistress - permission wasn't given, but that was their
thing not mine. I fucked him, bit his neck and he rubbed his mistress until the
three of us came.

And whenever Janice tried to turn the table I wouldn't let her, we'd start
another round. Jared my medium to making Janice come, over and over again. Step
two complete, show Janice Jared is more than he seems.

I left before Jared but before I left the couple to sleep off their pleasure I
whispered in Jared's ear, "Meet me for lunch tomorrow, across the street from
the Apex Unlimited building, is a diner. This is not a request."

He was going to play sub, I would treat him like it as it suited me. Jared
nodded, "Yes, sir." he said with a shy smile and lust filled eyes.



Lunch with Jared turned into a weekly thing. Once I outlined the plan, he was
all on board. Not only did it play to my gay persona but Jared got to play
psuedo-dom with me in all hopes that Janice would walk in on us. But it wasn't
working as well as planned and we fought more often than fucked and Janice
didn't need to walk in on that.

So the plan deviated a little. Jared and I started frequenting Ooh without
Janice. He found a girl. And I had no other term for her other than a girl. She
claimed to be 25 and her license and her Ooh registration all agreed. Even her
birth certificate when I she brought it to me after I'd questioned her
integrity. "Master Brent, I brought this for you." She handed me in the official
envelope from the State Health Department and everything. She was 25 but she was
still a girl in my eyes.

Her name was Tanya. She was short, barely braking 5 foot. Her blue eyes were
bright and innocent though she had a flavor for kinks I didn't. But Jared loved
her.

Tanya came home with him one evening. Well not home. We went to Janice's place,
her dungeon was better and Jared was supposed to be with his Mistress in an
hour. Which meant he got an hour of playtime in with Tanya before she came
bounding in in her leather clad body.

Tanya's face was at eye level with Janice's when she walked in. The sling
holding the tiny woman in place was at eye level and Jared had been eating her
out as a reward for good behavior. I was too busy playing with Jared to much
notice Janice walk in. This tanned body was rock hard from working so hard and
his cock was strung so tight. Tanya had finished sucking it minutes ago but he
was ready to go.

We'd planned it verbally but when Jared's hand reached behind him and grabbed my
hair I yelped in surprise and fell to my knees in front of him. He clutched my
hair and pressed my face into his groin and I had only one choice to take his
cock in my mouth or suffocate.

Janice stood there watching as Jared gazed at her over Tanya's body. Her
thoughts were anger, confusion, lust followed by action. She grabbed the cord
and flipped Tanya around. Her thoughts raced as she tentatively tasted the
woman. Jared stood up leaving me on the floor and he went behind Janice. I
turned around and sat down and watched smugly as Jared went behind the woman he
had been pining for for so long and kicked her feet open as she ate the girl
out.

Janice screamed as Jared penatrated her. It was pleasure she wanted. Him taking
what he wanted turned her on. Tanya was soon forgotten as Jared fucked his
former Mistress. He called her Princess, and lovely and he fucked her hard and
unrelenting until she came and he didn't stop with that. He pounded into her.

The girl still hung from the sling and I lowered her down to the ground and
started after care. She was such a small thing,and she'd been hanging for well
over an hour. And if I hadn't been there she probably would have hung until they
remembered her but by then blood would have been lost to her extremities and
damage could have set in.

I tended her wrists and legs and every place the straps touched, I covered her
in a blanket and pulled her into my lap. I was so fucking hard when she moved my
cock jumped pressing against her. "Fuck me please." She whispered.

"I…"

She begged me. And I relented. I wasn't gay after all and women were a fucking
turn on specially when she was begging me. But I stayed as true to character as
I could and pressed into her ass and she begged for more. I came, and she begged
for more. "I'm spent hunny." I said. I could go again in a few minutes but I was
still playing the part. Jared and Janice had disappeared. "Let me get you home."
I said.

She pouted but she got up and headed for the showers. As did I.

Before Tanya and I left Janice found me as I passed by the kitchen. She was in
her robe and looking stunning and happy. "Brent, darling. Thank you. Why didn't
you just tell me Jared was my equal you obviously saw it. I …"

I grinned at her. "Sweetheart, if I told you, you'd have fought it. You had to
see it. Now you just need to find a sub you both agree on."

She looked at me with a wicked smile. "I am not your man."

She pouted. "But you can fuck a woman. I just saw it."

I nodded, "I needed a release I took it where I could get it. And I'm not a
submissive, if you haven't picked up on that yet."

"We could have so much fun Brent."

"We still can. You have a sub to find. I'll be in town for another week packing
up things and then I'm heading out." I didn't want to stay here any longer than
necessary, but there were things to clean up before heading out. Paper trails to
clean and a new place to go to find. New York City could have been a good place,
but now… I wasn't sure this overrode all the bad ones - or rather than worse
one.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNDYwNzg3NDE3XX0=
-->