#  The Emergency (Alex)

I don't think I have ever had an easier job. The moment he got close, the the
only thing I could hear was him. His thoughts went all over the place but when
it came to the things coming out of his mouth, they were never any different
than his thoughts. He was mildly entertaining - for a Venatori.

And he was so full of himself. He rivaled me on that note. I knew the shirt had
been a great start. He was eating out of the palm of my hand and I didn't even
have to try. The bartender had placed that bet based on the fact that Nox
flirted with him every single time, and I got a top shelf whiskey out of it for
free. So maybe this no nothing Venatori who had no money to his name might pay
off big. He did have friends in high places.

But there was something nagging at me. Those big brown eyes. I'd seen this face
in a dream. Fuck I'd seen his blue eyed friends face in a dream. I was so
fucking close to my little dream monster that I was on the verge of telling Poet
to fuck off. Two people, best friends who he'd worn their faces. His birthday
brought the darkened sex that I fantasized about more times than I can count. He
was never far from my thoughts. The fucking shit… these memories sucked, but as
we danced - or he danced around me, I could get lost in him.

The way he moved. The way he smelled. I didn't want to think about the boy from
my dreams so until he said my name - my actual fucking name like he'd done
several times at the end. I really couldn't take it anymore. I had to go. I
faked a text. Looking at my phone. He was still lost in the euphoria of the mood
we'd created when I left.

I hadn't gotten more than three steps before my phone actually buzzed with a
text from Jared.

JD: come to Janice's need help

I didn't bother texting him back. I just hailed a cab and headed for her
apartment. When I got there Jared was pacing in the foray waiting for me. He
took a look at what I was wearing and frowned, "This is a new look."

"I was out."

Jared smirked. "You don't have to explain. Your boy get a big rough ripped your
pretty shirt so you had to borrow one of his. Been there."

I shrugged. "Something like that. What's the emergency?"

Jared waved his hand to follow him so I did. The girl from last night was
sitting in the corner crying. "She's been like that all night. We can't make her
stop."

"She's not a fucking submissive you idiot." I rolled my eyes. How the fuck did
these two ever get into the game. They needed to be slammed hard into submission
and learn the fucking hard way how to take care of their toys. Jared should have
learned playing sub all those years instead he's just as much a dick as Janice
was when it came to after care.

I knelt down in front of the girl and stroked her cheek. "Hey sweetie, can you
tell me why you are crying?"

"It hurts."

"What does?"

"Everything."

"What did they do?" I asked taking a moment to glare at Jared behind me.

"We asked before we did anything."

"Did you give them your safe word?"

"What's that."

"Jesus fucking Christ." I scooped the girl up and took her down the hall to
Janice's bedroom where she was busy putting on a fresh coat of makeup.

"Brent…" She said as I passed through.

I set her down on the edge of the large jacuzzi tub and waited for the water to
fill. It would take a while. "I'll be right back darling." She gave me a little
nod and then I stomped into Janice's bedroom and grabbed her by the shoulders
and shoved her against the wall.

"You never fucking take a girl or boy off the fucking street and tie them up in
your dungeon without ever fucking telling them what it is. The two of you hurt
that girl. She doesn't even know what the fuck a safe word is." I growled and
then stomped back into the bathroom.

My blood was boiling. There was no fucking way I was going to give them some
innocent to play with. Idiots!

I cared for the girl. I calmed her nerves, soothed away all the fears she'd had
with ease cleansing stroke of the loufa over her skin. I washed away the dirt
and grim and I took from her what they did. Rewrote the memories, removed the
pain. But added the extra bonus of not going home with a bunch of strangers who
promise a good time.

By the time I was done making sure Janice and Jared didn't get their asses sued
by the girls parents she was smiling and giggling at my jokes. I took her home
personally and gave one last reassuring nudge that she would be fine and that
she needed to find someone good to be with not a bunch of pervs. She gave me
kiss on the cheek and I waved good-bye.

It was well after 2 am by the time I collapsed in my bed in my own apartment -
fuck what if Janice and Jared caught me. I passed out the moment my head hit the
pillow.

