#  Dreams and Letters (Alex)

I had been so tired I hadn't paid attention when I hit the pillow. I hadn't
anchored myself and I found myself on the sandy beaches I'd once fled to for
comfort. Comfort after a certain man with big brown eyes never fucking showed
up.

I growled at my scenery but it was much more peaceful. But those brown eyes
still haunted me. Why the fuck was he haunting me. Now of all times, in this
place. Why did I have to see him in this mark? The eyes, the schedule. I could
time my little monsters dreams almost to the minute. I knew exactly when he'd
come in and when he'd be whisked away by the darkness.

He'd used this face a number of times, and always when he felt vulnerable. After
his mother died in particular came to mind. Clutching my box of things to his
chest believing in me. That smile. That fucking smile!

I jolted upright in my bed and I threw the pillow across the room. "Fuck!"

And I had to stay. Poet wanted information. And Poet owing me a favor was worth
a lot more than the money. No questions asked he said. But I had to do this job.
I had to get close to the fucking kid that broke my heart.

I had to get all of this pent up anger out. I needed a long hard run, but first,
I pulled out my laptop and fired up an email program that I hadn't used in over
five years and I wrote my pretty boy - fuck! I'd called him that without
thinking… Did he put things together? I don't know… I didn't care.

I wrote hurriedly my fingers tapping across the keyboard as my thoughts spewed
into the short letter. And I hit send. I didn't even reread it. I didn't care. I
deleted all trace of it being sent and then then I shut it down. I wanted to hit
the delete button. But I still couldn't make myself do it. I hadn't for five
years, what made me think I could do it now.

Fuck!

I changed quickly into running clothes, it was 4am, the streets of New York City
would still have some amount of business too them, but I was going to run until
these thoughts were cold and dying and I could function again. I had a job to do
nothing more.
