#  Doubts (Alex)

We made some small talk. I asked about the magic room we were in. I pried again
into his friends and boyfriends. And we ended up talking about his differences
between him and other Venatori.

Nox said, "I don't kill monsters." very adamantly. His thoughts were clear.

"You're a hunter aren't you?" I was tired of standing and sat down in the
closest barstool. Nox was watching his cat and his thoughts clearly said this
was her seat.

"I am. But I don't kill unless I absolutely have to."  
  
"This some new trial the Venatori are doing? Like, let's see how well this goes
over." I found it strange that he was so different from every other Venatori I'd
ever met. But he had always been.

Nox shook his head. "No. Just me being me. You've obviously been following me,
so you have to know I have friends who aren't exactly human or Venatori." He was
friends with the Prince of the Vampires. Their golden boy. I knew he had
werewolf Alpha friends and vampire friends and other friend throughout the city.
I'd seen pictures of him with them. Among others.  
  
"You don't seemed bothered by this knowledge?" I asked then finished of the last
of the beer he preferred. I'd seen him drinking it whenever he went out. I think
I was going to need to dispose of all the beer in that fridge and replace it
with something decent. He drank wine, I'd prefer that to a beer. Whiskey was
better. But the last time I saw him drunk his mother had died. I wasn't sure I
could handle him in a drunken state. He was a mess sober.

"Maybe I like hot guys following me around?" Nox wasn't lying as he took the
empty bottle to the sink and asked, "Another?"  
  
"I'm good." I said leaning on the counter to play to the words I was about to
say to him, "Or are you trying to get me drunk so you can take advantage of me."  
  
He grinned at me, "I don't need you drunk to do that."  
  
"So you just gonna take me here, now?" I teased.  
  
"I might." He shot back at me.  
  
"I'd like to see you try." In that moment it was the ruth. I wanted to see him
try, my heart was beating in my chest and he was all in too. Or not. Maybe I was
I projecting what I wanted him to feel because he didn’t take up my dare at all.

Instead, after a few jokes he said, "After we eat." He set down a steak and set
it aside to rest. It looked and smelled amazing, rekindling my appetite despite
my disappointment.. The bread was perfectly crusty as he cut it. The vegetables
even looked good and I wasn't big on the green things, not that there was
anything green on the plate.

"You might want to move to the couch while we eat, or Fee might steal your
steak. You are in her seat." Nox really loved his cat. I asked about her a
little more in depth as I took our plates to the table, he grabbed wine glasses
and a smaller plate and brought them over.

She was toilet trained, and possessed. I really couldn't believe it but I was
dwelling on the idea that he didn't like the beach. But he tried to convince me
that he could handle it. Yet everything I'd seen today said he couldn't. My one
place to be free and he would freak the fuck out.

I cut a piece of my steak and stuck it in my mouth and it melted in my mouth. I
drooled, actually drooled. "Holy fuck. You always cook like this?" He reached up
and wiped the drool from the corner of my mouth. I wanted to kiss him. "Do all
Venatori cook like you?" I asked instead

"Hardly. I learned from a top rated chef when I was a kid." He said it like it
was nothing. Like it was nothing so matter of fact. But he was a trained killer.
Everything about him was learned to kill. But he danced like a ballerina. He
cooked like a chef. He thought outside the fucking box. Why did Poet want to
destroy him?  
  
"Is there anything you can't do? Hunt monsters, make statues, cook?" I asked
before feeding myself more of everything on my plate.

"Don't forget the running from clowns, crying in elevators and cleaning hordes
of sand and being pussy whipped by a cat." He joked.

Ophelia meowed behind us in agreement. "You can be quiet, Fee. Or I'll eat all
the leftovers." Nox called at her without looking  
  
"Do you always have conversations with your cat?"  
  
He nodded, "Fee knows all my secrets."  
  
"Oh really?" I looked back at the cat who sat on the counter lapping at a bowl
of milk. "Ophelia, you and I need to have a little chat." I wondered if she was
telepathic and that was why she was trying to beat down my shields earlier, was
that how she and Nox had a conversation. Or was it merely just banter they had
learned.  
  
Nox was in good humor with his response. "Good luck with that. She's a brat."

