#  Not So Poetic (Alex)

I didn't pay very good attention when I came up to Nox's room, or everything
just looked the same. It was probably the latter. The walls were straight white
with glowing runes on them. Each one was slightly different but they were all
this light electric blue, if I didn't think I'd get caught I would have touched
one of the other doors. But I kept my hands to myself. I wasn't here to get in
trouble. I was walking around the hornet’s nest and I was escaping free and
clear.

I found the elevator eventually, it had taken me longer to find it than it had
to have Nox lead me to his room. I think I went in circles a few times.

I didn't think about anything as I rode the elevator down. I wanted to push him
from my head. His words, his friends - his fucking vampire friends. What I
didn't get is how he gave in so easily. He had started to protest but then he
caved. I was liking this less and less. I knew he had certain preferences, but I
was beginning to think there was more to it than that.

The elevator hit ground level and I walked out of the building without a second
glance at the statue the brown eyed boy made. My little monster - and he had
been mine then but I didn’t know who the fuck he was now. I walked out the front
doors and when I saw the diner across the street I made a decision. I wasn't
hungry but I hated this feeling. And I wanted to feel happy.

He'd pretty much thrown me out. Twice. He chose his friends over me. His words
didn't say so, he'd told me I could stay. But he was relieved when I told him I
was leaving. Fucking relieved. After I had calmed him down. I had information
for Poet.

So after I sat down and order a large pile of pancakes topped with ice cream, a
strawberry milkshake with fries I dialed Poet's number. It wasn't late not even
nine yet.

Poet picked up the phone in a chipper mood, "Alex, my favorite telepath. What
can I do for you?"

"You can listen while I tell you all about your fucking Venatori pet project."

"Already?" He sounded surprised.

"He's an open fucking book. Anyone can do this job. He says what he thinks and
hardly ever lies. I think there is an obsessive compulsion with the truth along
with 80 billion other things he's OCD about."

My food arrived and I took a sip of the milkshake and groaned. I really didn't
think that was a good idea. My stomach was still quite full from dinner and the
milkshake was heavy.

"So what can you tell me about Mr. Sétanta. Something I don't already know."

Where should I start. "He's afraid of heights, flying, needles and clowns. And I
don't mean normal people afraid. He's a complete nut job, Poet. You know he's
friends with a lot of people, but he's not like any other Venatori. None I know
about, anyway, and he thinks very outside the box. I got the vibe from the
people in the elevator that he's an outcast. Someone they want to get rid of."

"Interesting." Poet said in response to my rambling.

"I did one up Reaper though. I got access to their network. You'll get that bill
soon as the cash clears into my hackers account. I'll send the bill with the
access." I hadn't had time to delve into the information, but I had the Wicked
Truth copying everything to a secure file system so I can look at later.

"Alex, my boy. You've done great. Tell me though, what are his weaknesses? What
can I do to exploit these flaws? How could I use his strengths to benefit me,
and others like you. Is he malleable?"

"I just told you everything I learned."

"So learn more Alex. I want everything."

I growled. "Do you have any fucking clue what you are asking me to do Poet? He's
a fucking nut job. He's been seeing a therapist for god knows how long. He had
two fucking breakdowns in the time I was with him. You need to pay me more."

"Alex. I'm already paying you five times, expenses and a favor. That is more
than enough compensation for a little hand holding. Don't you think?"

I growled. "Fine." Then hung up the phone. I was looking at the plate and I was
glad that I hadn't gotten ice cream on the pancakes. I waited for my waitress to
come back. I gave her a smile and she returned it in kind. "Sorry to do this but
can I get this all to go."

"Of course honey. Anything else?"

"No, that's it."

She took my plates away and left me alone to my thoughts. Poet wanted more. What
the fuck was I going to do?

