#  Information for Poet (Alex)

There was one thought in his head as we descended into the subway tunnels. He
was clinging to my warmth, to me. Like I was his breathe, his heart beat, his
everything. But his hand was just holding mind. I smirked at him watching his
expression but it was that neutral smile that I'd seen in every picture of him
Poet had. The same one I watched him give everyone else. But inside he was laser
focused on one thing - me. "I don't think you've ever been so quiet." I said, my
own voice seeming so loud against the backdrop of his singular thought.

HeI laughed. "I just had another telepath tell me I don't shut up."

The thought that had others were rummaging around in his head irked me. What
gives them the right. Nox bumped his shoulder against me bringing from my own
brooding with a fun fact. "You do know that there all sorts of magic in the
Venatori right? I can't keep my shields up all the time. It physically hurts." I
wanted to know why it hurt, but I didn't want to ask. I didn't want to hear the
answer. But I could find it in his head. It was a strange feeling knowing
someone knew I was looking in their head. Usually people got angry, but not Nox,
he plainly asked, "What do you want to know?"

I looked at him and shrugged, "Just the truth." That's all anyone ever wants.

"I don't lie to you." Nox said and it was the truth, never once had the words
out of his mouth been a lie. Hiding something yes, but it hadn't been a lie.

But I knew he was hiding something, he told me so himself. "But you keep secrets
from me."

"Do you really want to know?"

"I promise I won't walk." And I knew that promise was going to be hard to keep
but I would do my best, Poet wanted information and I had to take the good and
the bad - even if I didn't want to hear it.

Nox laughed like it was part of a joke, "It's not the walking I'm afraid of. I
can keep up with you walking. It's running I'm afraid I can't."

"You're fucking Venatori." And it was really. He could probably catch me if I
tried to run away, but I knew that wasn't what he meant.

Nox stuck his tongue out at me. It was a childish gesture but it elicited
something low inside me and I leaned acrossed and sucked his tongue into my
mouth. He groaned and I felt the vibration all the way down to my cock. It was
difficult to pull away, my lips lingered on his before I pulled away enough so I
could say, "Show me."

He didn't waste any time as he tore down the wall that he'd so effortlessly put
up. It was a rush of emotions. Things I don't know if I wanted to know. But he
felt he needed me. Why he was so delusional was beyond me. There were thoughts
of his dream guy mixed with me, Did he know? He was playing me and I was falling
into his trap.

"I don't…" I didn't know what to say. I denied what he was to me, what he had
been. This was just a job.

"Maybe we should go back." His mind descended into chaos again and I sighed.

"Come on. Don't … I'm here. I don't know what to say, Nox. I don't feel like
that. Not yet." It was the biggest lie I'd told him yet. I had an inbox full of
letters that called me a liar. I could do this for Poet, pretend there might be
more when there wouldn't be. I wasn't going to fall for his charms again. I was
just waiting for that other shoe to drop.

"I never asked you to." Nox sighed and I read his fustrated words that didn't
come through, "But this is why I didn't want you to know. I fall fast. Always
have. It's not about being in love. I don't let people in, and here you are in
my head, reading everything." His head was full of words, but he wanted to not
think, not talk.. "Let's just do this. We don't have to talk." Which was a lie -
he did have to talk, he needed it like he could breathe.

I leaned against his shoulder and tried to coax him out of his shell, "What if I
like listening to you ramble?"

But Nox shook his head. He was going to stay quiet. Yet his mind rolled with a
thousand different things. "Fine then, I'll talk." I said quickly without really
anything to say. We sat in strained silence and Nox looked at me expectantly. I
gave up with a sigh, "I don't know what to say. I don't have a plethora of words
spewing around my mind like you."

He rolled his eyes, "So you are saying that you don't have a thought in your
head."

"I'm just that kinda guy." I smirked and shrugged my shoulders. I wasn't a
thinker, I was more a doer.

Nox quickly turned the tides in our conversation, "I doubt that. You said you
were late because you were tied up with a client? What do you do?"

He asked about me, I knew from past experiences that Nox rarely asked questions.
He was trying so I could try. I put my arm around his shoulder as I told him a
half truth about what I did. "I'm a business consultant of sorts. I do all sorts
of things - efficiency training, gathering intel, I get paid a lot of the times
to find information on opposing sides for good or ill. Depends on their needs."
He leaned against me while I spoke and he fit just right under my arm and I felt
the pure bliss radiating through his mind.

"I'm sure your ability helps with the intel." He added to prompt more
conversation.

"It does." But I needed him to talk about him, I knew all about me, "Why is it
you don't mind that I'm in your head?"

"I have nothing to hide. The only time I shield my entire existence is if I'm
hunting a telepath or something."

"Do you do that often?"

"Hunt telepaths?" The question was rhetorical as he answered without my
response. "I've never hunted one personally. Human paths don't fall under the
same sorts of laws as the rest of the supernatural world."

"You mean because they're human. But you have orders to kill some kinds on sight
don't you?" I knew what I'd been told.

"Dreamwalkers and clairvoyants typically yes. But honestly I don't know why. I
get they are dangerous and could really do some damage. But it's no real
difference than say telepaths who get insider secrets and become rich and famous
because they know exactly what you want. My best friend is a technopath. He's a
hacker, he uses his gift for his betterment. A dreamwalker isn't going to go bad
just because he can walk into your dreams. No more so than any other human.
Everything should be a case by case basis." But hearing it from the horse’s
mouth was something entirely different. Poet wanted information but nothing here
seemed liked a bad thing.

"How many have you killed?" I asked. I had his records but those could be
falsified just as easily as he could lie to me.

"I've taken a handful of lives in the past 5 years. Can count them and still
have fingers left over. I only kill in self defense. But unless I made
arrangements with their own people, the Venatori kill them after a sort of
trial. We can't contain them, so they die anyway. But I hope one day it'll
change." But his numbers and the reports matched up. Either everyone lied well
or Nox was a just a bad of a hunter as the numbers said. Everyone else had
higher rates, but he worked more cases than anyone else.

He gave them to their own kind, "What do their people do with them?" I wondered
what he'd do with me if he ever found out I could walk dreams, or that I used my
ability to make the money I had. Give me to the police for insider trading? I
could easily get out of that, there was no proof I was ever around any of those
people.

