#  "Most of the time rehabilitate them. 80% of the cases in New York are fledglings either abandoned or neglected. Sometimes it's an unknown, rare case. I had one
girl who couldn't shift at all during the moons. Once she shifted into wolf
while the moon was full she couldn't shift out. Her tie to the moon so strong,
and her human form so weak she couldn't do it. So her family has to lock her up
for three days. She gets out on occasion and I have to find her before anyone
else." I was grateful for the years of practice while Nox talked about things. I
listened well, he talked a lot. It had been a good skill to learn back then, and
even more so today.

"Aren't you afraid of getting bitten?" The whole bite being deadly thing would
definitely make me shy away from things that could kill me.

"No. Not really. I'm a hunter. It's what I was trained to do. I'll die young as
most hunters do. But I'm going to live my way - not the way the Venatori say I
have to."

"Big talk for such a little man." I smirked. He always thought so little of
himself it was a gamble to remind him of such with playful banter.

"Little huh? I'll show you little." But the gamble had paid off as I watched Nox
bite his bottom lip. "But I don't think that'll happen anytime soon." There was
no denying he was hot for me, and I could definitely do with him underneath me.

"So now you aren't trying to get in my pants? I'm offended." The playful banter
had always been a fun part of our talks back then too. Fuck I hated those
memories - I was so happy then, and he killed it all...

"My motives are still the same. But we have a date to get through. And I'm
looking forward to beating you at laser tag." He said with a press of his lips
to my cheek and he dragged me out of the train. We'd finally come to our
destination.

He challenged and I had only one response, "We'll see about that pretty boy."

I bought the tickets at the window. The girl looked bored as I declared, "Two."

"Would you like a single game, or an all day pass?" she asked without ever
looking up to meet my eyes. Bitch! Didn't they teach teenagers manners these
days.

I looked over at Nox and he shrugged. I didn't care either, but an hour might
not be enough time. "All day pass." We'd probably get in a few games. We walked
through the large double doors into the center proper and the din was loud and
there was chaos everywhere. I hadn't been to one since my mother took me on my
13th birthday. "I haven’t been to one of these in years." I said over the
raucous.

Nox mumbled, "My first time."

"A virgin eh?" I smirked at his response "I'll be gentle. I promise."

"I hope not. I like it a little rough." Nox said before he walked away from me.
I didn't have anything to say to such a comment. Which was rare. Nox went to the
railing of the lower floor where the laser tag arena was. He looked over but not
for long and then turned his back to the rail and leaned against it.

"You alright?" I asked as I approached him, "You look a little pale."

"Heights. Though I think this game is almost over." He really didn't let his
little quirky fears get in the way of his actual life. He took elevators, looked
over edges, fought off monsters that could kill him with a simple bite. Fear
wasn't an obstacle for him. Poet was going to have his work cut out for him.

I offered Nox my hand even as I goaded him a little bit more. "Opposite sides if
we are going to see who's better."

Nox nodded and took my hand and he thought about all the ways this would be good
for us. The ramifications of playing against each other. His mind never quieted.

I chuckled. All I wanted to do was play a game, and that's what I told him. "So
in depth pretty boy. I just want to shoot you."

He grinned at me and we were off to our own respective sides, he was blue, I got
red.

