#  For the Win (Alex)

The objective of the game was to kill all the other players or to capture their
flag. The three boys on my team all looked at me, "What do you want to do
mister? Those boys all like to just shoot, we could win by taking their flag."

I shrugged, "I'm just here to shoot people." I thought maybe I should have been
on the other side and Nox on this lets plan team.

They worked as a team but I was on the lookout for only one person. The boy in
the lead went down fast. His lights flickering a kill shot. But no one knew
where it came from. I listened to my pretty boy snickering in his head as he
relocated someplace else. The next boy went down with a blur of motion. I stood
behind one of the pillars and listened to Nox's thoughts. I got conflicting
information. He was better at distracting me than I thought he was. I had to
make a decision and I chose wrong. Next thing I knew Nox was face to face with
me my lights were already flickering. He grinned at me even as I covered my
heart with my hands in mock defeat. I was dying after all. "I thought this was
your first time." I commented.

He gave me that bright shining smile that could melt anyone's heart, "It is. But
I do this for a living, remember?" I tried not to give up my teammate behind Nox
by not looking at him, but Nox pointed the gun and pulled the trigger. The
lights brightened and the game was over. Nox's teammates cried out, "Not even
ten minutes,. No fair."

"Another game?" I asked over the music blaring. I hoped the other boys would
hear me. They were all vying for a rematch.

"He's too good, it'll just end." one boy complained.

I snickered, "Maybe we should all go against him." He wanted to play hunter I
could best him anyway he wanted. He liked to work alone I knew that much, see
how he did against a bunch of boys and someone who could read his thoughts.

He shrugged,"If you think you can beat me that way." His wink told me that he
thought he could beat me. We'd see.

"Oh I can beat you all sorts of ways." I taunted.

Nox bit his bottom lip at my comment, though he didn't get to respond as the
other boys pushed him towards the red and we were blue. Nox was feeling a little
anxious so I called out after him, "Hey pretty boy!"

He turned around and looked at me, "Yeah?"

"See ya on the playing field." I smirked. And the comment had the desired
effect, he beamed at me and he was happier. I made him smile - my smile.

Nox was hiding in the shadows when we all entered the playing field. He was
waiting for me. He knew I was his biggest threat, get me out and the boys would
be easy pickings. But he was so loud, I knew exactly where he was. I didn't need
to sneak up on him, but I came out of the shadows nonetheless and pressed him up
against the corner he was in. It was a risky move, he could have shot me, but I
was hoping that the look on my face made him forget what he was supposed to be
doing. I pressed my body against his and whispered against his neck, "You just
never shut up, do you?"

His mind was churning with the way I smelled. Distraction was the only way to
keep him with me. Keep him readable so I kissed him. He moaned against my lips
and I pulled the trigger. "I win." I smirked. "You are so easy pretty boy."

He stood there staring at me biting his bottom lip, his mind running through
what he wanted and questions about where I had been. His mind tumbled. I took
his hand and led him out of the room. We discarded our equipment and I took him
down a hall - someplace quiet.

I knew he needed reassurance. Needed me to tell him things were okay. He was so
fucking needy it wasn't even funny anymore. If Poet's offer wasn't so fucking
worth it I'd be gone. I pressed him against the wall with one hand on his chest.
The ramifications of the action could be detrimental, but it was also something
to calm him. Control was a thing for him, the power in submitting. I didn't want
a fucking sub, but here I was pandering to one. I reassured him, "For the record
\*\*I\*\* didn't have sex."

"What you do in your free time is none of my business, Alex. I just wish you'd
listen when I say don't come around smelling like someone else."

"When did you tell me that?" I dropped my hand from his chest and took a step
back to stare at him. He'd never told me that. Not once, not in the real world.
It had been something his dreamself told me when I'd come to the dream directly
after a mark and I had been together. No shower in between. But he shouldn't
remember that.

He shrugged. "I don't know. I thought you knew Venatori have a strong sense of
smell." He seemed lost about the conversation too. His mind was empty of
whatever comment he'd held on to and confusion reigned.

"Nox. I took a shower, I changed my clothes and you still smell it on me, what
more do you want?" I told him. There was nothing more. I could have taken three
showers and he'd probably still smell them on me.

"I don't know." He shrugged and dropped his eyes.

This was getting fucking annoying. "Jesus fucking Christ, Nox. Why do you do
that?"

"Do what?" He asked without looking up.

"Go all submissive and complaint when I'm angry with you." I growled out. I
hated this trend.

He took a deep breathe and looked up to meet my eyes. The only thing I saw was
that little boy who I'd seen so many times in my dream. Those big brown eyes so
afraid, lost and unfocused.

"Years and years of …." His mind danced around all the things that had happened
to make him this way. Memories of a man beating him, a chorus of hateful words
from peers and snickering words behind teachers and peers. All leading to his
own thoughts about himself. He hated himself.

"What the fuck did they do to you?" I grabbed his hand and just started walking.
I didn't care where. I didn't want to be here anymore. I needed to get him away
from this - but this was in his head. I didn't know how to pull him from his own
self destruction.

We walked several blocks in angered silence. I knew I was holding on to his hand
too tight, but he didn't complain. I was angry. I couldn't do anything about it.
Fuck! "I'm fucking hungry." I growled, " I want pancakes. Know a good place
around here?" The question came out softer than the previous statements.
Pancakes always made me feel better.

Nox shook my head. "No. I don't ever come out here unless someone makes me. Mia
and Jace live in Brooklyn but I couldn't tell you what was there either. I can
make you pancakes. I'd have to buy the ingredients, I don't have them on hand."

I smiled. I hadn't thought he'd make me pancakes. Carbs and all that, and I was
surprised when he offered. "Ever made pancakes before?" I asked.

"No, but I've made crepes, the concept is the same." Of course, he could make
fancy French pancakes. I wondered what other fancy things he could make.

I stopped and looked around. Fuck. I sighed. "I don't know how to get home from
here." I knew my way around my neighborhood. Knew the best coffee shops, and
diners and restaurants around but this wasn't my neighborhood.

Nox grinned at my ignorance and asked, "do you want to walk farther or back the
way we came is closer?" He apparently knew where he was. Made me wonder how much
of the tri-state area he knew.

Closer was better I turned us around and started walking back the way we'd come.
"I should think before I storm away." I said sheepishly.

He grinned and squeezed my hand reassuringly, "It's okay. I don't mind storming
away with you." He was too cute.

