#  focused on what he was going to find at the top. He didn't think about climbing his fear of heights. Yet it didn't stop him. Watching the scene unfold in his
head was much like having to read the captions in a movie with only sound and no
picture.

Where there could have been a fight, Nox talked her down. And then through all
of his thoughts I felt that fear. Fear of death, of dying, of burning alive.
Images of the last dragon that threw flames at him leapt to his head and I could
watch in almost vivid detail the pain and horror of having fire eating at your
body and the pain so bad you pass out from it. But there was no pain, no fire as
Nox's thoughts were about saving himself from that fiery death with his gift.
The dragon's thoughts weren't readable but from Nox's I saw her gasping for air
and Nox's words tumbling form his mouth. He didn't want to hurt her but he
would.

A shot went off and I panicked pulled my mind from his and I heard the
conversation above on the light wind.

The big black man growled at the other one, "You idiot, you didn't even bring
dragon killing bullets."

"I grabbed the wrong gun." I smirked at the response. Or fate had said nope, no
killing today.

I reached out again to find Nox's mind. He was still an open book. I could find
him in the mass of emptiness on the roof but there were people below him, their
quieter minds were much simpler to understand and yet I was sucked back to his
to finish this rollercoaster of a ride.

Nox diffused the situation. They didn't kill the dragon, and the boy and the man
were going with them. It didn't make sense to take the boy, but from Nox's
thoughts he couldn't leave the child either. And that's when the biggest
disappointment of his thoughts hit me, he would use the child as leverage even
as he carried and cuddled the boy, he was thinking of how he could use it to his
advantage. I growled under my breath. There were still very Venatoir thoughts in
Pretty Boy's head. After they were well out of listening range I stalked back to
my apartment. I couldn't believe he'd use a kid.

