#  The Second Most Perfect Time (Alex)

The weight shifted above me and I grumbled. I started feeling cold and woke up
with Nox gone. What the fuck! I got played. I sat up and looked around. Nox
walked into the room apologizing profusely. "I'd never leave without waking you
first. I just had to go to the bathroom."

I beckoned him to come to me, and rolled over into the middle of my bed and
pulled him down next to me. I was shaking, I could feeling the tremors in my
arms. "You okay?" He whispered against my neck. "A bad memory, that's all."
Waking with him gone was like every nightmare I'd ever had growing up. "I'm
better with you right here. Don't do that again okay?"

He nodded against my neck. "I think I can manage that."

I smiled at my pretty boy and pressed a kiss to his lips. We were both ready for
more, teeth and tongue. We'd stalled too many times. Now we let everything go.
It was just us. I was on top of him pressing my body into his his, both of us
pressing our hips against each other as we tried to find just the right amount
of friction. But it was a futile effort. I shifted down and ran my tongue down
his jaw line nibbling at the well manicured beard and wondered only slightly
what he'd say if I asked him to shave. But I was licking my way down his neck to
the perfect spot on his neck. I had a favorite spot and Nox tilted his head to
the side to allow me access.

The taste of his skin in my mouth, the feel of the tender skin between my teeth,
soothed the pain away with my hot tongue and I was so ready to fuck him. I
wanted him so bad.

I pulled his shirt over his head and left it just above his elbows so he had to
untangle himself from his shirt. My fingers ran over his chest and I felt the
rough edges of the scar that reminded him everyday that his mother had died a
foolish death. "You didn't tell me the bear got you too." I said. But it was his
thoughts that made me realize my mistake. I was distracting him but he moved his
hands into my hair and I grabbed his hands and pressed them above his head and
kissed him long and hard. We broke apart breathless. "Now I need to start all
over. Stay put." I ordered then moved from his lips to his neck nipping at my
favorite spot before moving down. He was putty in my hands as I ran my tongue
along the scar on his chest to his nipples.

I could read him like a book and he was so open about everything. All I had to
do was listen to his thoughts and follow the cues his body gave me. I had Nox
whimpering underneath me. I sat up and he met my eyes and he was whimpering at
my lack of touch along his body. So fucking easy. "I think I like how well you
behave."

Nox beamed at me and bit his bottom lip. He liked praise. He was a submissive in
this. He whispered, "Always."

He was perfect. Even the scars on his back I knew were there. I wanted all of
him. The night went on. And I hadn't had a better night. Not ever. Well maybe
once but it was with him anyway. The night in the dark, the real us in the
darkness. His hands all over me. I had wanted to explore his body then but he'd
worked me up so much. So I took the time to do it properly this time.

The first time I touched his back he groaned. I jerked my hands away and he
caught them pulling my arms around him and he breathed in my space, "please." It
was the only single word he'd said since he'd said always. My fingers felt the
edge of each scar, and the valleys of countless lashing he had receive. He shook
against me and bit my shoulder and I could feel how hard it was making him
against me. I saw in his head that he'd never let anyone touch him like that.
His back was overly sensitive and with just a few touches I had him on the edge.

We'd worked ourselves into such a frenzy that one more touch, one more grind and
it was going to be over before I got inside him. He gasped for air as I bit his
neck and he almost screamed, my name a hoarse cry as his hips jerked and he
came. I only managed, "Fuck!" as I came against him.

