#  I'm done (Alex)

I got inside my apartment and my phone buzzed. I'd left it on the nightstand. I
didn't bother checking the message that was from Nox. i didn't give a fuck
anymore. I did pick it up and dial Poet's number and left a message. "Poet. I'm
done. Do what you need to. I'll send you a final report from the road." I wasn't
going to let the man talk me into staying again. I was done favor or no favor.

I called for the monthly maid service and readied the apartment for my extended
absence. I wasn't staying here again for a long time, maybe even never. The
thought of selling only crossed my mind peripherally. I didn't want to because
of Kate. This had been a fucking mistake - the whole thing.

I called Lindsay first as I started packing my bags. Lindsay answered, "Hi,
Brent. We've been trying to get you for days."

I sighed. "I was busy, sorry. Is everything good with you and Janice?" i asked.
I didn't want to leave them hanging either. But I wasn't staying either way. I
wasn't, I told myself.

"Everything is good. While you were busy we negotiated an agreement. Thank you
for making her see me. I wasn't sure she ever would."

I rolled my eyes, "Janny is blind to those closest to her."

"Even you?" She asked.

I laughed, "Especially me. If you think you got this handled then I'm going to
bid you adieu. I have another client to take care of."

"Oh we'll miss you Brent. I'll miss, " she lowered her voice and whispered
seductively, "sucking your cock for Jared. He really likes watching you." I knew
exactly how much Jared liked watching me. Though he would never actually touch
me. It bothered him that men turned him on. He needed to get over it and give
men a try - more than a good eye fuck anyway.

I laughed, "Who fucking wouldn't sweet thing. But I gotta go."

"I understand. Call us sometime, maybe when you are back in town and we can all
hook up again."

"I don't think I'll be back for a good long while." If ever I said to myself.
"See ya, Linds."

"Hey Brent, You want me to tell Janice you are leaving. Would it make things
easier?"

"Actually, yes, Could you?"

"Yeah. I'll just tell her you called while she was away, which you did, and told
me you were leaving town and when you were back in town he'd look us up."

"You are a doll." i said. "Bye Linds, make sure they take care of you."

"I will. You take care Brent."

I hung up as I threw the last pair of jeans in the suitcase. The bed was a mess
from sleeping in it with Nox. The bloody sheets were in the corner were surely
going to cause some questions but I wouldn't be here to answer them. I didn't
give a fuck. I grabbed my favorite pillow and strapped it to the now closed
suitcase the one left on the bed Nox had used. I don't know what possessed me to
to pick it up and press it to my face. His attention to smells rubbing off on me
maybe, but I didn't smell anything. Just the detergent used to wash the pillow
case, at least that's what I told myself. I didn't smell that slightly smokey
smell like I did when my nose was pressed up against his skin. I didn't smell
the clean scent of his clothing or his hair. And fuck if I didn't see the eye
liner smudge left where he'd pressed his face into the pillow while I had
explored the scarred terrain of his back.

I threw the pillow across the room. I needed to be away from this city and my
fucking pretty boy. I locked the door and went down the elevator for the last
time. "Take care of the place." I said to Joe as I left. He nodded and waved and
I knew he'd never know that I wasn't coming back. He didn't care. He was just
the door man. And I was nothing but a man who didn't tip him. I didn't care what
he thought of me. Fuck I didn't care what anyone else thought of me either.

I found Serenity right where I left her when I parked her after arriving over
six months ago. It had been the dead of winter, but now it was sunny and
perfect. I made sure the top was down when I pulled out of the garage and I was
ready to. I wanted to get as fucking far away as I could from the City. I
couldn't wait until it was a distant memory on the horizon. I should never have
come here.

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTEyMjM3NDI5MjZdfQ==
-->