#  Vegas Nights (Alex)

I was dragging by the time I saw Vegas in over the horizon. It was late. Rather
it felt late, I was still on New York time, it was 2am back East now. Nox should
be well on his way to slumberland and his nightmare would take him away. If he
even still had nightmares.

Images of his notebook floated to my mind. He still drew the same nightmares,
day in and day out, said he had notebooks full of them.

I sighed. Why couldn't I get him out of my head. Why could I never get him out
of my head. No matter how much I tried those brown eyes haunted me. And now I
knew his body, fuck! I growled at myself as I turned into the Bellagio. Benji
would have me set up.

I rolled into the valet parking and a man dressed to the nines greeted me, "A
pleasure to see you again Mr. Hutton." He opened my door and I got out with a
nod. The valet handed me a ticket. "There is a package waiting for you at the
front desk. All that you require is available." The valet was one of Benji's
guys. I didn't remember his name, not that he remembered mine either, he only
knew what Benji told him. And today I was James Hutton. And soon I'd know
exactly what Mr. Hutton was doing in Vegas. Benji was my godsend. But I'd have
to thank him later, I wanted to sleep. I needed to sleep.

The front desk of the Bellagio had a package alright, it was nondescript but I
knew what it held without looking at it. Benji and I knew the game and we knew
it well. It was too bad Benji never left Vegas, we could have a blast in other
cities. In cities where the people were just as rich but it was so easy to leave
from. But I needed to be here right now. I needed to forget the pretty boy once
and for all.

My room was the same room I always stayed in. Benji maneuvered whatever favors
he had to get me in and I loved him for it. I'd do anything for him too had he
ever asked.

I didn't even open the packet. I sent Benji a text

A: Hey Toto, just got in. Crashing, see you when I see you.

I set my phone down on the bedside table and fell on the bed, kicked my shoes
off and then crawled under the covers. The bellhop dropped my things by the
drawers and I pulled my wallet out and waved a twenty for him to take. He
waltzed over to me with a shit eating grin, "I could do more in a few hours."

I blinked up at him and frowned. "Maybe another time." I said groggily and he
nodded with a wink. I had a feeling he knew me from before. A Lot of these type
guys worked multiple places in multiple hotels and I'd been with a few men here.
Mostly to get their keys, but still had used them, so he was probably one of
those guys. I didn't remember him, and I was too tired to care or even look at
him as he left. I'm sure he'd hit on me again when I was more with it.

I shifted to my back and kicked off my jeans, nothing worse than waking up in
sweat covered jeans. And once I was comfortable it didn't take much to drift off
into sleep. While my body rested, my mind didn't. I was off in the void of the
dream worlds. Without my pretty boy calling me every night I could go wherever I
wanted whenever I wanted. I could choose my beach or some dream to find a mark,
but I didn't that.

It didn't take more than a lapse of thought before I was hurtling through the
void watching bubbles, and islands and any manner of dreams pass me by. The
fleeting images of the night before called to me and I searched for my pretty
boy but I knew I wouldn't find him.

I was about to give up when I was sucked into a dream. It wasn't usual - hell
other than my pretty boy I was never sucked into a dream. But here I was
standing in some weird fog like state. I could move and think and I could leave
if I wanted to. But I was curious as to whose dream this was and why I was here.

In the fog I saw a figure approach me. I could make out long hair, and legs and
soon the fog was wrapped around her like a drape and covering her from head to
toe. "Rowr?" She cleared her throat. "It's been a while since I've used my
voice."

"What? Who are you?"

She smiled and rubbed her head against me like a cat might. "You don't recognize
me?" The z's came out long and like a little purr.

"Uh…." I said stepping away from the crazy lady.

"He dreams of you but you don't come to him. Not that it matters, no one can
enter his dreams anymore."

"Who?"

The dream changed a little, the fog became a vision of a man sleeping in bed, I
recognized the comforter. I recognized the long fingers that pulled the
comforter over as he tossed. My breath caught. "Who are you?" I asked the woman.

"I've almost forgotten my name. You would call me Ophelia."

I nearly choked on my own spit. "What? You're his fucking cat? What the fuck?"

She smiled. "I'm not a cat, I was once a girl. A woman in my town, a witch they
called me. Drowned by men who thought me such. They were right, but still dead.
Vengeful spirit, possessed a girl. Oma cast me into this body - this cat." She
sneered and spat out the final words. "The boy is good to me. Loves me. Not like
Oma, he treats me like a friend. Gives me food like I had when I was a girl. Not
kibble like some ordinary cat."

"Why don't you say his name?"

She smiled. "Can you?"

Of course I could say his name. I tried. I really did. I tried to say it, my
mouth would move and then stop. It was like when I searched for his name, I
couldn't find it in his head. It just doesn't exist in this world. In the dream.

Ophelia giggled like a small girl, "He Shrouded it in magic. What's your name?"

I tried to tell her my name, but I couldn't. "Why can't I say my own name?"

She giggled again. "He hides you from them." The sneer came again and she spat
out them. She hated a lot of things apparently.

I asked, "Them?"

"The tattooed people. His people." She said.

"Why?" I asked.

The girl shrugged, "You have to ask him."

"Do you know where he goes?"

Ophelia shrak back from the image of Nox tossing and turning. "He's there now."
The cat/woman/girl curled up behind me and when she touched me I watched through
the fog the darkness and my pretty boy half naked, his back dripping blood,
glowing blue eyes behind him. He bit his lip to keep from crying out with each
lash on his skin. I rushed forward but I ran through the fog and into the void
of nothingness again. I spun around and there was nothing behind me. No island,
no bubble, no nothing. My heart was racing. What the fuck was happening?

I searched everywhere for my pretty boy.

The next thing I knew there was a knock on my door. I barely discerned what it
was, what the fuck time was it?

