#  Breaking Up Is Hard to Do (Alex)

While we were talking Nox sent me another text which I ignored. Benji didn't
stop at the looks this time, "That him?"

I shrugged. "Doesn't matter. I should change my number."

Benji looked at me in that way that said I was being a child. I glared at him as
I pulled my rumpled suit out of my bag. "Well fuck!"

Ben laughed. He laughed at me! Then he pushed the closet door open and I saw a
nice crisp suit hanging. "I could have let you flounder, but I want the
information. Put it on your tab."

"You know I'm not doing this for a payday?"

Benji grinned. "I know Tinman, but I'll get to spoil you some, right?"

"Why do I get such treatment?" I wasn't going to say no after all but I was
curious.

"Because there is a lot at stake. And I figure you need the pampering after New
York." He wasn't wrong I wanted to forget him. But he wouldn't just leave me
alone.

I jumped into the shower and cleaned up. I'd been driving for two days with only
a small break in between I probably stank to high heaven, and probably looked
like hell. The water pressure was perfect and it was hot. I let my mind empty.
Clear of my pretty boy of Benji's problem. It was just me and the water.

While I was gone, Benji made a phone call. I heard him order a bleach job and I
know his tips weren't in need so I knew it was for my new persona. James Hutton
was going to be as far from Alex Kennedy as possible and hey I got a free wash
job and fingers in my hair. Benji knew me well enough to know that he better
have sprung for the whole deal.

I was in a pair of shorts when the stylist walked in carrying her gear. Benji
grinned, "Perfect timing."

Alice got straight to business. We chatted all about how much work she did for
Benji and how I had to be one of his greatest clients otherwise he'd never have
brought her in special. I told her I was nothing, just a flea-ridden diamond in
the rough, Benji was prettying up. And it wasn't far from the truth.

It was several hours later when she was gone and me and Benji were fitting the
suit. It was a perfect fit like Benji had bought it just for me. "It's a little
snug in places, you been eating too much?" Benji joked.

Truth was I had, "Fucking pretty boy cooked like a dream." I said absently.
Thankfully Benji didn't comment just kept straightening the seams and tying the
tie though I could manage it myself. I looked ready to kill it. I'd say James
Bond like, but I wasn't a secret agent, or a spy - well not a spy in the
government sense. I was definitely a spy but for my own purposes.

I stepped into the bathroom to check out the whole ensemble in the full length
mirror.

Benji was waiting outside the bathroom. I knew he was reading texts on my
personal phone. He knew I'd known as he set it down on the nightstand where I'd
left it. He wasn't trying to hide it.

"You didn't even break up with him?"

"We were having a fight. He walked out. It should be self explanatory." I said
and looked in the mirror adjusting my tie. "How do I look?"

"Like a million bucks." Benji said without actually looking at me. "He doesn't
think it's over Alex."

"Then he's an idiot." I said and grabbed the burner from the package Benji had
given me. "Let's go." I said.

Benji shook his head. "You go. We can't be seen together with you looking like
that. You are James Hutton. I'm the scumbag who ripped you off. You have a
problem with me remember."

I sighed. "Dinner tomorrow?" I asked.

"Yeah, I'll have Perkins order your favorite and I'll be up at 6pm before you
hit the 8pm game."

"Adios, Benji." I said as i walked out the door like I was sneaking away from a
lover. That's what it felt like, and in a way I was. My phone was in my bedroom,
and that was my last connection to the pretty boy in New York.

