#  Making New Friends (Alex)

The games ended and I doubled what I had started with while still not actually
looking like I had rigged the game. The dealer didn't know me so it wasn't a
matter of Benji telling him. For all he knew we were all cheating. And most of
us were. The guy to my left was counting the cards. The two vampires were
telepathic like myself, but the texan next to me, he was legit, and oddly enough
he won more often than not. But usually because the rest of us knew our hands
were shit.

It was hell late, and I knew my pretty boy would be fast asleep by now. Probably
even about to wake up. I glanced at my watch and nodded to myself, he was about
to wake up for the day and I hadn't even gone to bed.

Both of the vampires strode up next to me as I headed out of the basement into
the darkened sky. Though it was almost as bright as daylight on the strip.
Brandon Holt grinned at me, "So, you played a good game. Lu can't be happy about
that." Lu? I thought to myself. But the darker vampire kept on talking. "His
house never loses."

I laughed. "Teach him right. Stiffing me like last time."

The other vampire, the Prince of Las Vegas chuckled. "So you've had not so great
run ins with him in the past?"

I nodded. "Yeah. Stiffs me whenever he gets a chance. Last time he hired a broad
to distract me." Ironic that this was a distraction from a guy.

"He listens in when he shouldn't." Brandon cursed. "Maybe you can help?"

"How can I help?" I asked. "I have nothing more than money to lose to him." I
played hard to get, though my pretty boy never would. He was a straight arrow,
he knew exactly what he wanted. Though he still had to ask for permission. Which
got annoying.

"Do you believe in magic?" The prince asked.

I shrugged, "I don't know. What do you mean magic?" I couldn't help the smile
inside. Did I believe in magic, fuck yes. I watched my boy disappear with my own
eyes. I saw balls of fire floating around. I was a dream walker and a fucking
telepath the answer was a resounding yes. But I let my skepticism ride my
surface thoughts and they both laughed a little. I let slip a juicy tidbit about
or proprietor Lu and his lust for young prostitutes. Which was an absolute lie
and Benj would kill me but fuck Toto made me play the game with mind reading
vampires.

"My name is Abraham." The prince said. It was finally nice to get a name to the
face I'd been staring at all night. The bald head and the goatee were a little
off putting but he was a big scary mother fucker and he was a vampire. "And I
just read that Lu likes young girls. I think we can manage something with that."

I looked wide eyed at them both and mouthed, how… And they both did the wall-la
motion and magic. I shook my head and thought of a huge number, "What number am
I thinking?" It was a corny classic stereotypical thing to do and would so piss
off Nox but he'd do it just to piss them off. It made me smile inside. Pissing
off my pretty boy just to see him steam a little. Fuck this wasn't working so
well. I missed him.

Brandon shook his head, "Three billion, four hundred thousand and three."

"No way?" I drawled out dumbfounded.

Holt looked at me with those dark eyes and I knew he was weighing me. He handed
me a business card, "Meet us tomorrow at 6:45pm and we'll go over how you can
help us."

I took the card and his fingers brushed mine and there was a cold chill
throughout my body. I was fucking in with vampires.

